There are 1 GPU(s) available.
We will use the GPU: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1660 Ti
Loading BERT tokenizer...
Processing article: I cant get rid of useful things and nobody wants to pick them up, I keep forgetting where I lay my umbrella. I dont leave footprints in the snow anymore, we havent had a war on domestic soil in so long I wonder if I still got it. Because once I had it. I heard about a boy who once tied a string to his brother, he tied his brother to the ocean and the ocean to the blackbird from the ground all the birds look like blackbirds from the ground a Stealth Bomber looks like a spaceship. The aliens are coming, they walk through birthday parties and basically go unnoticed. And this is kind of how I go through life, once I heated up a spoon in the microwave the fish have so much mercury in them they spark. I was handed a bayonet from the Civil War and a copper penny corroded with rust. When they take the Statue of Liberty apart to clean her her neck explodes with a million little spiders. Meanwhile in a forest somewhere someone cut open my grandmothers belly and filled it with bricks something is coming soon I keep a bucket of lambs blood by the front door.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: When this warm scribe, my hand, is in the grave. John Keats 1. You are here on the underside of the page, writing in water, anachronist, showing your head with its delicate fuses, its fatal telemetry, a moundful of triggers and gunpowder like a field-mine, your sixty-one inches and your gem-cutters fingers, anonymous, taking the weight of a roomful of people but making no mark, pressing the page as I write, while the traffic in Rome, demotic with engines and klaxons, circles the Pyramid of Cestius, crosses a graveyard, and submerges again like the fin of a shark. 2. I write, in the posthumous way, on the flat of a headstone with a quarriers ink, like yourself: an anthologists date and an asterisk, a parenthetical mark in the gas of the pyramid-builders, an obelisk whirling with Vespas in a poisonous motorcade. I make your surgeons incision for solitudeone living hand, two poets strangled in seawater and phlegm, an incestuous ego to reach for the heart in the funeral ashes, a deathbed with friends. 3. Something murderous flows from the page to my hand a silence that wars with the letters, a fist that closes on paper: a blow with the straight edge of a razor that falls with a madmans monotony; or the adze of a sleepwalking Sumerian nicking the wet of the clay, hacking a wedge in a tablet in the blood and the mica, till all glistens with language. The criminal folds up his claspknife. The shutters slam down on the streets. Nobody listens. 4. Out of breath with the climb, and tasting a hashish of blood, what did he see on the brink of the Piazza di Spagna? A hand in the frame of a cithara where beggars and sunbathers clotted the levels like musical signatures, a Wordsworthian dream of degree, unimaginable time touched by an axe bladeor a pram on the Steps of Odessa torn from the hands of its mother, gathering speed for the plunge and rocking its tires in the rifling, like a gun barrel, smashing its way through the Tzars executioners, to a scream at the bottom? 5.A failed solitude ... The bees in the Protestant grass speak of it delicately in the sweat of a Palatine summer, guiding my hand through the Braille of the letters. Violet, bluet, or squill what was it I picked under the epitaph, what rose to my touch in the thirst of the marble, a cup from the well of your grave in the noonday miasma, a hieroglyph in the water, saying: solitude, solitude, solitude: you have it at lastyour solitude writing on water, alone with its failure. 6. You are there on the underside of the page, a blue flower in my Baedeker, writing on water. I know it. The paper pulls under my pen peaks into waves running strongly into the horizon. The emptiness hardens with balustrades, risers, and levels, a staircase of Roman azaleas. I slip on the blood and the ink toward the exigent bed of a poet. All is precarious. A maniac waits on the streets. Nobody listens. What must I do? I am writing on water, blazing with failures, ascending, descending among lovers and trippers. You are pressing me hard under the paper. At Santa Trinit dei Monti the stairway parts like an estuary, rises and falls like a fountain. There is nothing to see but a death-mask, your room in an island of risers and treads, oddly gregarious, an invisible hand in the granite. 7. The tidal salts drain on a living horizon, leaving a glare on the blemishing paper. The silence is mortal. Nobody answers.for Joan Hutton Landis
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: If there were a monument to silence, it would not be the tree whose leaves murmur continuously among themselves; nor would it be the pond whose seeming stillness is shattered by the quicksilver surfacing of fish. If there were a monument to silence, it would be you standing so upright, so unforgiving, your mute back deflecting every word I say.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I will do everything you tell me, Mother. I will charm three gold hairs from the demons head. I will choke the mouse that gnaws an apple trees roots and keep its skin for a glove. To the wolf, I will be pretty and kind and curtsy his crossing of my path. The forest, vocal even in its somber tread, rages. A slope ends in a pit of foxes drunk on rotten brambles of berries and the raccoons ransack a rabbits unmasked hole. What do they find but a winters heap of droppings? A stolen nest, the cracked shell of another creatures child. I imagine this is the rabbit way and I will not stray, Mother, into the forests thick, where the trees meet the dark, though I have known misgivings of light as a hot hand that flickers against my neck. The path ends at a river I must cross. I will wait for the ferryman to motion me through. Into the waves he etches with his oar a new story: a silent girl runs away, a silent girl is never safe. I will take his oar in my hand. I will learn the boats rocking and bring myself back and forth. To be good is the hurricane of caution. I will know indecisions rowing, the water I lap into my lap as he shakes his withered head. Behind me is the forest. Before me the field, a loose run of grass. I stay in the river, Mother, I study escape.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: A strong song tows us, long earsick. Blind, we follow rain slant, spray flick to fields we do not know. Night, float us. Offshore wind, shout, ask the sea whats lost, whats left, what horn sunk, what crown adrift. Where we are who knows of kings who sup while day fails? Who, swinging his axe to fell kings, guesses where we go?
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I really do wish I did. Because if I loved lawnmowers I could go to the lawnmower museum I just heard about on the radio in a piece about small museums. Its in Southport apparently a seaside town fringed to the north by the Ribble Estuary, according to Wikipedia. It would be quite a trip to go up there, and Id almost certainly have to stay the night. I think I might stay in the Prince of Wales Hotel, which looks conveniently situated for the station and the museum too. I can hardly bear to think how much Id be looking forward to making that trip if I loved lawnmowers. On the radio they said they have all sorts of models from Victorian ones all the way through to a state-of-the-art robot one thats powered by solar energy. If I was planning the visit Id probably have a bit of a virtual walk-round on Street View, and in fact Ive just done exactly that in an effort to capture the feeling Id have if I was actually anticipating a trip to the lawnmower museum. Exploring the area I discovered that Southport looks very much like Weston-super-Mare, where, as it happens, I stayed in a halfway house many years ago after doing a stint in rehab. Now crack cocainethat I loved.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I.i saved my energy as i read, like managing held-breath underwater so i could extend my survey and not miss anything great
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: To keep me from staying out late at night, my mother warned of the Hell Pig. Black and full of hot drool, eyes the color of a lungit'd follow me home if I stayed past my curfew. How to tell my friends to press Pause in the middle of a video, say their good-byes while I shuffled up the stairs and into my father's waiting blue car? How to explain this to my dates, whisper why we could not finish this dance? It's not like the pig had any special powers or could take a tiny bite from my legonly assurances that it was simply scandal to be followed home. When my date and I pull into my driveway and dim the lights, we take care to make all the small noises that get made in times like these even smaller: squeaks in the seats, a slow spin of the radio dial, the silver click of my belt. Too late. A single black hair flickers awake the ear of the dark animal waiting for me at the end of the walk. My fumbling of keys and various straps a wild dance to the doorthe pig grunting in tune to each hurried step, each of his wet breaths puffing into tiny clouds, a small storm brewing.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I feel the spring far off, far off,
    The faint, far scent of bud and leaf
Oh, how can spring take heart to come
    To a world in grief,
    Deep grief?
 
The sun turns north, the days grow long,
    Later the evening star grows bright
How can the daylight linger on
    For men to fight,
    Still fight?
 
The grass is waking in the ground,
    Soon it will rise and blow in waves
How can it have the heart to sway
    Over the graves,
    New graves?
 
Under the boughs where lovers walked
    The apple-blooms will shed their breath
But what of all the lovers now
    Parted by Death,
    Grey Death?
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Wandered tonight through a cityas ruined as a body with brokenribs and a bared heart. Looked for you there with cookies in my pocket, searched for a sigh, for movement in demolished streets and alleys. Tonightsince Id forgotten for a moment where you are,I searched for you with hope in my bones.But no matter how I lured you with my voiceand my eyes, walls of debris grew up steadily around you, cellars seemedto creep around you. I remained alonewith those cookies in my pocketand kept calling and walking.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I heard a cough as if a thief was there outside my sleep a sharp intake of air a fox in her fox-fur stepping across the grass in her black gloves barked at my house just so abrupt and odd the way she went hungrily asking in the heart's thick accent in such serious sleepless trespass she came a woman with a man's voice but no name as if to say: it's midnight and my life is laid beneath my children like gold leaf
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: He thought it had only been put there to finish off th alphabet, like, though ampus-and (&) would ha done as well. (George Eliot: Adam Bede) And had in fact, for generations the plump, open armed & waving goodbye from the end of the old-world alphabet like an innkeeper framed in doorway candlelight, farewells swelled with hopes of come again. Then the old world burned down because we sensed, beyond the candles glow, the road led to a dead end. No traveler returned, even the unverified odd reports of happy returns petered out. So we renovated the alphabet, signing it off with a streamlined z as sharp and final as lightning: no sense in posting notice of further connections that didnt exist, or passing off maps as places. Trouble was, nobody felt at home in the revamped compound. Bookings fell off, postcards of views of blank walls piled unsold in the unvisited gift shop, the same paperbacks stalled on the revolving racks. It was a paradise of sorts, a golden age of nullity, no relatives breaking the costly silence. No wonder Eliots befuddled Jacob Storey felt his page of Zs was somehow not right, that it was a letter you never wanted hardly. He knew, as one newly released from the unlit cell of his long-unlettered ignorance, what you did want hardly: you wanted, neededas hardly as Hetty Sorrel, abandoned at the docksomeone to stand by. You were the murderess of your baby, silenced with a z. You needed a hand, the open-armed return of all your relations. You wanted, harder than death, ampersand
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Air as lost time Voice of a cloud, of a ghost crowned with nimbus Smack-thin, it lingers forty years I thought it came from the jeweled world wed seen Everything stuffed, urgent, glittering alive But it was just pleasure, blank and sure Now what is there to sing From speakers, the tune folds and fades in waves Earphones drive it through your head
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Highlight Actions Enable or disable annotations O, Death! O, Death! An example of apostrophe: an address to a dead or absent person, or personification as if he or she were present; see glossary definition here). <learning/glossary-term/apostrophe> About this Poem. This poem, published in 1842, is a revision of Whitmans first published poem Our Future Lot, from 1838. In that 20-line poem, similar wording includes: With flashing hope, and gloomy fear (line 2); The troubled heart and wondrous form / Must both alike decay (lines 7-8); Dull senseless limbs, and ashy face, / But where, O Nature! where will be / My minds abiding place? (lines 10-12); and the final line The common doomto die! a black and pierceless pallpall A dark cloud or covering of smoke or dust Hangs round thee, and the future state; No eye may see, no mind may grasp That mystery of fate. This brain, which now alternate throbs With swelling hope and gloomy fear; This heart, with all the changing hues, That mortal passions bear This curious frame of human mould, Where unrequited cravings play, This brain, and heart, and wondrous form Must all alike decay. The leaping blood will stop its flow; The hoarse death-struggle pass; the cheek Lay bloomless, and the liquid tongue Will then forget to speak. The grave will take me; earth will close Oer cold dull limbs and ashy face; But where, O, Nature, where shall be The souls abiding place? Will it eeneen Traditional poetic contraction for even, pronounced as one syllable to fit the meter of the line live? For though its light Must shine till from the body torn; Then, when the oil of life is spent, Still shall the taper burn? O, powerless is this struggling brain To rendrend Cause great emotional pain to (a person or their heart) the mighty mystery; In dark, uncertain awe it waits The common doom, to die.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: To be born yellow into a household where the black man rules with his fists and the white wife body livid with devotion hip enough to confuse trouble with love or whatever it was, such the lucky one to come up so unamerican , thankful one in whose imagination the country danger is so ambient and precise of source it vanishes and with each departure more affectionate machines panting to run the dream between hope and habit I wanted to say this more clearly In what ways did watching your black father beat your white mother empower you as a brown baby ? in a blue way is there anything so cruel so crude as to say you felt each of your hands in their puppet throats as they screamed for help in unison but only one was hunted for room within the invisible listener Only one could pray that far I wanted to say this more clearly trustless of a soul who hadnt suffered he tore hers toward him And I arrived as a kind of vengeance, the many versions of war worn raw by their sex, come to be as the treacherous peace of empty pacts and broken chessmen were scattered all over the room Its like being the last person alive
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I
Among the smoke and fog of a December afternoon
You have the scene arrange itself  as it will seem to do
With "I have saved this afternoon for you";
And four wax candles in the darkened room,
Four rings of light upon the ceiling overhead,
An atmosphere of Juliet's tomb
Prepared for all the things to be said, or left unsaid.
We have been, let us say, to hear the latest Pole
Transmit the Preludes, through his hair and finger-tips.
"So intimate, this Chopin, that I think his soul
Should be resurrected only among friends
Some two or three, who will not touch the bloom
That is rubbed and questioned in the concert room."
And so the conversation slips
Among velleities and carefully caught regrets
Through attenuated tones of violins
Mingled with remote cornets
And begins.

"You do not know how much they mean to me, my friends,
And how, how rare and strange it is, to find
In a life composed so much, so much of odds and ends,
(For indeed I do not love it ... you knew? you are not blind!
How keen you are!)
To find a friend who has these qualities,
Who has, and gives
Those qualities upon which friendship lives.
How much it means that I say this to you 
Without these friendships  life, what cauchemar!"
Among the winding of the violins
And the ariettes
Of cracked cornets
Inside my brain a dull tom-tom begins
Absurdly hammering a prelude of its own,
Capricious monotone
That is at least one definite "false note."
 Let us take the air, in a tobacco trance,
Admire the monuments,
Discuss the late events,
Correct our watches by the public clocks.
Then sit for half an hour and drink our bocks.

II
Now that lilacs are in bloom
She has a bowl of lilacs in her room
And twists one in her fingers while she talks.
"Ah, my friend, you do not know, you do not know
What life is, you who hold it in your hands";
(Slowly twisting the lilac stalks)
"You let it flow from you, you let it flow,
And youth is cruel, and has no remorse
And smiles at situations which it cannot see."
I smile, of course,
And go on drinking tea.
"Yet with these April sunsets, that somehow recall
My buried life, and Paris in the Spring,
I feel immeasurably at peace, and find the world
To be wonderful and youthful, after all."

The voice returns like the insistent out-of-tune
Of a broken violin on an August afternoon:
"I am always sure that you understand
My feelings, always sure that you feel,
Sure that across the gulf you reach your hand.

You are invulnerable, you have no Achilles' heel.
You will go on, and when you have prevailed
You can say: at this point many a one has failed.

But what have I, but what have I, my friend,
To give you, what can you receive from me?
Only the friendship and the sympathy
Of one about to reach her journey's end.

I shall sit here, serving tea to friends ...."

I take my hat: how can I make a cowardly amends
For what she has said to me?
You will see me any morning in the park
Reading the comics and the sporting page.
Particularly I remark.
An English countess goes upon the stage.
A Greek was murdered at a Polish dance,
Another bank defaulter has confessed.
I keep my countenance,
I remain self-possessed
Except when a street-piano, mechanical and tired
Reiterates some worn-out common song
With the smell of hyacinths across the garden
Recalling things that other people have desired.
Are these ideas right or wrong?

III
The October night comes down; returning as before
Except for a slight sensation of being ill at ease
I mount the stairs and turn the handle of the door
And feel as if I had mounted on my hands and knees.
"And so you are going abroad; and when do you return?
But that's a useless question.
You hardly know when you are coming back,
You will find so much to learn."
My smile falls heavily among the bric-a-brac.

"Perhaps you can write to me."
My self-possession flares up for a second;
This is as I had reckoned.
"I have been wondering frequently of late
(But our beginnings never know our ends!)
Why we have not developed into friends."
I feel like one who smiles, and turning shall remark
Suddenly, his expression in a glass.
My self-possession gutters; we are really in the dark.

"For everybody said so, all our friends,
They all were sure our feelings would relate
So closely! I myself can hardly understand.
We must leave it now to fate.
You will write, at any rate.
Perhaps it is not too late.
I shall sit here, serving tea to friends."
And I must borrow every changing shape
To find expression ... dance, dance
Like a dancing bear,
Cry like a parrot, chatter like an ape.
Let us take the air, in a tobacco trance
Well! and what if she should die some afternoon,
Afternoon grey and smoky, evening yellow and rose;
Should die and leave me sitting pen in hand
With the smoke coming down above the housetops;
Doubtful, for quite a while
Not knowing what to feel or if I understand
Or whether wise or foolish, tardy or too soon ...
Would she not have the advantage, after all?
This music is successful with a "dying fall"
Now that we talk of dying
And should I have the right to smile?
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The black kitten cries at her bowlmeek meek and the gray one glowers from the windowsill. My hand on the can to serve them. First day of spring. Yesterday I drove my little mother for hours through wet snow. Her eightieth birthday. What she wanted was that ride with me shopping, gossiping, mulling old grievances, 1930, 1958, 1970. How cruel the world has been to her, how uncanny shes survived it. In her bag, a birthday card from my Nemesis, signed Sincerely with love
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Thou water turnst to wine, fair friend of life, Thy foe, to cross the sweet arts of thy reign, Distils from thence the tears of wrath and strife, And so turns wine to water back again.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: (To John Gawsworth) The rose of all the world is not for me. I want for my part Only the little white rose of Scotland That smells sharp and sweetand breaks the heart.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Water: no matter how much, there is still not enough. Cunning life keeps asking for more and then a drop more. Our ankles are weighted with lead, we delve under the wave. We bend to our spades, we survive the force of the gusher. Our bodies fountain with sweat in the deeps of the sea, Our forehead aches and holds like a sunken prow. We are out of breath, divining the heart of the geyser, Constellations are bobbing like corks above on the swell. Earth is a waterwheel, the buckets go up and go down, But to keep the whole aqueous architecture standing its ground We must make a ring with our bodies and dance out a round On the dreamt eye of water, the dreamt eye of water, the dreamt eye of water. Water: no matter how much, there is still not enough. Come rain, come thunder, come deluged dams washed away, Our thirst is unquenchable. A cloud in the waters a siren. We become two shades, deliquescent, drowning in song. My love, under the tall sky of hope Our love and our love alone Keeps dowsing for water. Sinking the well of each other, digging together. Each one the others phantom limb in the sea.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: My notebook has remained blank for months thanks to the light you shower around me. I have no use for my pen, which lies languorously without grief. Nothing is better than to live a storyless life that needs no writing for meaning when I am gone, let others say they lost a happy man, though no one can tell how happy I was.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Listen closely as I sing this. The man standing at the gate tottering on his remaining limb is a kind of metronome, his one leg planted firmly on the earth. Yes, I have made him beautiful because I aim to lay all my cards on the table. In the book review the critic writes, Barry seeks not to judge but to understand. Did she want us to let her be, or does she want to be there walking the grounds of the old prison on the hill of the poison tree where comparatively a paltry twenty thousand died? In the first room with the blown up black-and-white of a human body gone abstract someone has to turn and face the wall not because of the human pain represented in the photo but because of her calmness, the tranquility with which she tells us that her father and her sister and her brother were killed. In graduate school a whole workshop devoted to an image of a woman with bleach thrown in the face and the question of whether or not the author could write, The full moon sat in the window like a calcified eye, the womans face aglow with a knowingness. I felt it come over me and I couldnt stop. I tried to pull myself together and I couldnt. They were children. An army of child soldiers. In the room papered with photos of the Khmer Rouge picture after picture of teenagers, children whose parents were killed so that they would be left alone in the world to do the grisly work that precedes paradise. And the photos of the victims, the woman holding her newborn in her arms as her head is positioned in a vise, in this case the vise an instrument not of torture but of documentation, the head held still as the camera captures the image, the thing linking all their faces, the abject fear and total hopelessness as exists in only a handful of places in the history of the visible world. For three $US per person she will guide you through what was Tuol Sleng prison, hill of the strychnine tree. Without any affectation she will tell you the story of how her father and her sister and her brother went among the two million dead. There are seventy-four forms of poetry in this country and each one is still meant to be sung.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: A few days before the first snow the soldiers dressed like children began to appear. Come quick, said Beatrice, fetching Walter B. away from his scripture, and bring candy! Walter B. pulled on his robe and joined Beatrice on the balcony. Oh look, said Beatrice, you can see their small, sweet eyes peeking through the bramble. Walter B. threw a handful of red gumdrops into the air and watched the soldiers dressed like children scatter, and raise their arms in glee. Feels sinful, doesnt it? purred Beatrice. They watched them stand in the field and chew. Which one, asked Walter B., do you think is the hero? That one, said Beatrice. Definitely that one. The one with the mittens. Yes, agreed Walter B., the others seem less... festooned. And which one do you think, asked Walter B., is the traitor? Beatrice bit her lip and looked around. Maybe that one, she said. The one with the orange flower in the pocket of his vest. Walter B. agreed, but to be certain he thought that he should ask. Little traitor, called out Walter B. The traitor looked up. I knew it! said Beatrice, clapping her hands. The traitor came closer. The wind shook the orange flower loose from his pocket, but he did not run after it. He missed his mother. The traitor came closer, but then he stopped. He curled into his flowerless vest and fell asleep. Walter B. and Beatrice yawned. The soldiers dressed like children opened their mouths as wide as they could, but there was no more candy. There would never again be more candy. And so they sailed away to another land.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: WELL, what's the matter ? there's a face What ! has it cut a vein ? And is it quite a shocking place ? Come, let us look again. I see it bleeds, but never mind That tiny little drop ; I don't believe you'll ever find That crying makes it stop. 'Tis sad indeed to cry at pain, For any but a baby ; If that should chance to cut a vein, We should not wonder, may be. But such a man as you should try To bear a little sorrow : So run along, and wipe your eye, 'Twill all be well to-morrow.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I burned my life, that I might find A passion wholly of the mind, Thought divorced from eye and bone, Ecstasy come to breath alone. I broke my life, to seek relief From the flawed light of love and grief. With mounting beat the utter fire Charred existence and desire. It died low, ceased its sudden thresh. I had found unmysterious flesh Not the minds avid substancestill Passionate beyond the will.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Making his advances He does not look at her, nor sniff at her, No, not even sniff at her, his nose is blank. Only he senses the vulnerable folds of skin That work beneath her while she sprawls along In her ungainly pace, Her folds of skin that work and row Beneath the earth-soiled hovel in which she moves. And so he strains beneath her housey walls And catches her trouser-legs in his beak Suddenly, or her skinny limb, And strange and grimly drags at her Like a dog, Only agelessly silent, with a reptile's awful persistency. Grim, gruesome gallantry, to which he is doomed. Dragged out of an eternity of silent isolation And doomed to partiality, partial being, Ache, and want of being, Want, Self-exposure, hard humiliation, need to add himself on to her. Born to walk alone, Forerunner, Now suddenly distracted into this mazy side-track, This awkward, harrowing pursuit, This grim necessity from within. Does she know As she moves eternally slowly away? Or is he driven against her with a bang, like a bird flying in the dark against a window, All knowledgeless? The awful concussion, And the still more awful need to persist, to follow, follow, continue, Driven, after ons of pristine, fore-god-like singleness and oneness, At the end of some mysterious, red-hot iron, Driven away from himself into her tracks, Forced to crash against her. Stiff, gallant, irascible, crook-legged reptile, Little gentleman, Sorry plight, We ought to look the other way. Save that, having come with you so far, We will go on to the end.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Some days I catch a rhythm, almost a song in my own breath. I'm alone here in Brooklyn Heights, late morning, the sky above the St. George Hotel clear, clear for New York, that is. The radio playing "Bird Flight," Parker in his California tragic voice fifty years ago, his faltering "Lover Man" just before he crashed into chaos. I would guess that outside the recording studio in Burbank the sun was high above the jacarandas, it was late March, the worst of yesterday's rain had come and gone, the sky washed blue. Bird could have seen for miles if he'd looked, but what he saw was so foreign he clenched his eyes, shook his head, and barked like a dogjust once and then Howard McGhee took his arm and assured him he'd be OK. I know this because Howard told me years later that he thought Bird could lie down in the hotel room they shared, sleep for an hour or more, and waken as himself. The perfect sunlight angles into my little room above Willow Street. I listen to my breath come and go and try to catch its curious taste, part milk, part iron, part blood, as it passes from me into the world. This is not me, this is automatic, this entering and exiting, my body's essential occupation without which I am a thing. The whole process has a name, a word I don't know, an elegant word not in English or Yiddish or Spanish, a word that means nothing to me. Howard truly believed what he said that day when he steered Parker into a cab and drove the silent miles beside him while the bright world unfurled around them: filling stations, stands of fruits and vegetables, a kiosk selling trinkets from Mexico and the Philippines. It was all so actual and Western, it was a new creation coming into being, like the music of Charlie Parker someone later called "glad," though that day I would have said silent, "the silent music of Charlie Parker." Howard said nothing. He paid the driver and helped Bird up two flights to their room, got his boots off, and went out to let him sleep as the afternoon entered the history of darkness. I'm not judging Howard, he did better than I could have now or then. Then I was 19, working on the loading docks at Railway Express, coming day by day into the damaged body of a man while I sang into the filthy air the Yiddish drinking songs my Zadie taught me before his breath failed. Now Howard is gone, eleven long years gone, the sweet voice silenced. "The subtle bridge between Eldridge and Navarro," they later wrote, all that rising passion a footnote to others. I remember in '85 walking the halls of Cass Tech, the high school where he taught after his performing days, when suddenly he took my left hand in his two hands to tell me it all worked out for the best. Maybe he'd gotten religion, maybe he knew how little time was left, maybe that day he was just worn down by my questions about Parker. To him Bird was truly Charlie Parker, a man, a silent note going out forever on the breath of genius which now I hear soaring above my own breath as this bright morning fades into afternoon. Music, I'll call it music. It's what we need as the sun staggers behind the low gray clouds blowing relentlessly in from that nameless ocean, the calm and endless one I've still to cross.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: 1 In prologue let me plainly say I shall not ever come to that discretion where I do not rage to think I grow decrepit, bursten-bellied, bald and toothless, thick of hearing, tremulous of leg, dry and rough-barked as a hemlock slab, the soft rot setting in and all my wheezy dreams the tunnelling of beetles in a raspy bark. For now I am fleshed at smaller sports, and grow in time into the mineral thick fell of earth; Vermont hairy with violets, roses, lilies and like minions and darlings of the spring, meantime working wonders, rousing astonishments. And being a humble man, I at the same time acknowledge my miscreate: the nightshades, cabbages and fleaworts of my plot, though always I try to turn my back and scorn upon the inkhorn term and speak as is most commonly received with smile and wink and approbative nod, not overfine nor at the same time reckless of the phrase, nor ever ugly, turdy, tut-mouthed, but always joyous at the goosey brain, the woolpack of the solid cloud, a crowd, a heap, a troop, a plume of trees, grass, gulls and rabbits, in the end, no doubt, a vulgar prattle: but the planet swells and bulges and protrudes beyond my eyes aversions, and tottery, fuddled, always I give up, I am not understood, or wrongly, out of some general assumption of my innocence. 2 This much I wish to say, my nonesuch, nosegay native sweet, in someway plainer, this is my letter to you, and out of most severe purpose: the bee, the honey stalk, the whole keep of the house endanger me: the perspectives of the clapboard, the steep falls of the lawn, the razory apices of ridges, and the abdominous curves of the meadow into the far trees. There are ponds below the house, and water runs. The road crosses the water, and the road diminishes to the reach of the next farm, and the farm beyond that, and two miles bearing right or left somewhere runs Highway 25. I have found my way with difficulty, I am confused, halfway I have suffered a failure of vital powers, a swoon, have been smirked at by the natives, and misdirected. Fitting, for I always dream of the painless redemption, the return from fiasco and tumultuous journey to the transcendentally serene lawns of a transcendentally white house with columns of oak trees and iron deer and the affectionate greeting of One who has these many years waited in full patience, without complaint, for me to come in bleeding, dusty and deliquescent from the fields, the blade in my thigh, or blinded, the victim of fire or ravenous birds, the lovely blood on my cheek like tears, one-limbed, a bullet in my heart, my hands, my head cut off and the dark pulses of my blood diminishing. Yet never a reproach for my criminal self-negligence, my careless japeries and clumsy flounderings: instead, my brow is wiped, my wounds attended to, blood let, leeches applied: I heal, I grow strong, I can set forth again renewed, valiant, sturdy, full of high spirits, lively, gay, spruce in looks, a reveler, a merry prankster, dimpled in the cheek from smiling, perfect Pilgrim, fit for the chemistry of the Resurrection. Yet I am of wild and changeful moods. I am perhaps worthy of being stoned, sometimes. I lie hid and lurk in wait for the giggling girleries and leap out and shout and scatter them like chickens from the boot to the safe and flying four winds. I am easy and fluent in the telling of lies, and let it be said that I roar and sing scurrilous songs in base places, and shall no doubt for this little vain merriment find a sorrowful reckoning in the end. Still, my noises please me, and what this wretched poet overmuch desires, he easily believes. It is his conventional cowardice, it makes him immortally glad. But then he always grows morose (that is in his favor), he repents, lances his soul, thinks of the willows and the columned porch and the wind melliloquent about the chimneys, and you from where he sits now at the far end of this small porch of a Federal farmhouse in this very and summery Vermont. 3 I look down the pitches of the lawn: fireflies make small explosions among the grass stems, and I think that to walk down that slant of lawn to the black waters of the brook at the dark join of the cleft would be like dying, and that if I die I will never pardon time. I think my words will echo only in my own mind forever, to what purpose I do not know I see a firefly trapped inside the screen. I have no name for any of this; I know it clearly in the same way I know the dead cry of the starlings in the eaves, the smell of after rain, the warm air holding in the hollows of the roads. For this there is no name. The holding mind is likewise without name. That is the final thought, it is the disorder, the reason for all this. The clouds begin to reach up Blood Mountain, and I am sitting on a farmhouse porch, and there are trees, and it is late and I am dreaming that I dream I stare down into a fouled well and see the white legbones of a deer and the waters surface matte with loose hair, the green stink welling and bellying from the fertile sump up and flowing outwards in a fountaining current of vines and melons and leaves and the knotgrass lawns blossoming with gilliflowers, shoulder-high, cloud-high, the sun finally smothering in grass, and then in the entire silence of this growth the grasses thickening, darkening, becoming clouds, reaching up from the ridges. And all night there is rain. I dream that when I awaken it is a shining milky day, four roosters are crowing in the yard and geese dabble in the green soft muds of the ditches. This is the literal surface, and for all the extravagance of what has gone before I now repent, and make an image: All of Vermont each night blazes with fireflies, the comet is a faint green phosphorescence to the North, the catalpas blossom and each noon the sunlight hardens, and the sky is a clear ground, and I can look from my open doorway into dry and fiery yards. You see, I draw back always, I cannot be understood. O I wud slepe all the swete darkemans, nor ever speke!
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: NO was a violin, NOT a viola, and NEVER a cello. They were noble instruments, but highly nonconformist. Prickly in personality, if sexy. Wayward. Always went in their own direction. Made odd choices. Loved the difficult. Naysayed the popular. Collectively unified in a single reaction to the mainstream: negative. When they first chanced to come together, they doubted they would ever meld. But the minute they began to make music, they discovered a numinous core to their triangle. They couldnt see this core, smell it, or touch itand neither could their slender audience (thirty people on folding chairs in a church). But all felt it was a natural union of sound, nimble and sublime. That night they became the Negativo Trio. Retiring to nestle in the velvet warmth of their cases, they whispered to each other, debriefing and musing in the first of many nightly pajama parties. This very first evening they discovered that what they wanted above all were two things. One was to play their music with the very nacre of its nature, and the other was fame. Night after night they played. Increased their bookings. Recorded. And were downloaded. They raised money to pay off the debt of their obscure choices. On stage they each shone with the patina of centuries: maple, spruce, and willow with an elegant varnish of gum arabic, honey, and the whites of eggs. But they werent famous, even though they played a nocturne as if every note were a black pearl. Yet NO, NOT and NEVER did everything everyone advised them to be famous: they networked, they nodded nicely to publicists, they flashed their Negativo news on social media. But the fact was, the trio wasnt for everybody. Do you think its our name? NOT the Viola asked. Would we be more famous as the Nightingale Trio? Nope, said NEVER the Cello. Negativo has our brio. And NEVER was right. The three of them played with nerve. The knottier the piece, the better. They made their audiences reach. We should be sexier, NO the Violin said. Naughtier. Its our propensity for the minor key; we should lighten it up. But when they played in the minor key, their audiences felt they had arrived at the navel of the universe. The instruments could never give up the minor. Would the Negativos ever learn what the people in the seats knew? The trio wasnt famous because, well, they kind of unnerved people. You had to have nettle to take them on. Though they certainly wouldnt have said no to notoriety, eventually they had to admit that they could not surrender their quirks. We will never be famous, NEVER said one night after they had nestled in their cases for their midnight debriefing. Im nauseous, said NO extravagantly. And neglected, said NOT excessively. Never, said NEVER decisively. They would never fill the biggest halls. Or be the first name on the tips of tongues. And with the inverted logic of misplaced dreams, even though they had toured, had notched up review, and had triumphs and fans, and websites and bloggers, and a body of criticism devoted to them, they felt they had reached their nadir. The next morning they couldnt seem to get up. They lay immobile, as if their velvet-lined cases were coffins. A netherworldly silence descended. The dust of despair drifted through the crack between the case tops and bottoms onto these living dead. Time dragged like a dirty hem. Naught into Nil. Desolation into Dormancy. Dormancy into . . . . . . Rest. Rest into Snoozing. Snoozing into Sleep. Sleep into Healing. The nostrum of sleep lasted until the pinkish light that heralds spring. A noisy nuthatch drilled for insects in a nearby tree. It was a forest sound, yodel-y and ebullient. It awoke the maple and spruce and willow of the Negativos constitutions. Their bodies couldnt help responding to the vernal signal given when spring utters its only word: Nevertheless. If not fame, nevertheless music. Numbskull nuthatch! NEVER growled. Ninny nuthatch, NO yawned. Bumptious bird, NOT shifted, inadvertently jostling the snap to the dusty case. It sprang open. NO unclicked and climbed out, too. And NEVER heaved the lid. They played immediately of course, trying a violin piece by the underrated Nardini. Most thought him a lightweight, but the Negativos gave it their signature interpretation of naked necessity. Oh it was NOTHING, they began to say to one another as they did musical favors for themselves, producing scores of synchronicities and the occasional juicy nihilistic dissonance. They buoyed on their notes, as if a midnight Pacific of calm, rich, dark negatives were effused with luminescence. How relieved their listeners were to have them back. Again their audiences were made aware of the noses between their ears. That slight, brief piquancy in the nostrils was the smell of earthly harmony. It came from within the airy column that united the instruments, the nucleus of their refusal to suit. Such accord, though it is as rare as ease, seems like nothing. And so the Negativo Trio was known as a trios trio. Not famous, but known. Contrary to the vicissitudes of fame, ease is the path of the known, smooth as the satin of the instruments finish. To be recognized, yet not to suffer the disadvantages of fame, is a state so ideal it is the pinnacle of a career. NO, NOT and NEVER had at last woken up to that.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The language we currently use to describe ourselves is a form of Boolean algebra. I dont want scars to remind me that I had to take a knife to this body in order to call it mine. I buy a dress shirt and I feel like a child again. It is a mens size S and the cuffs go past my fingertips. A stranger mistook her left for her right and kissed me on the shoulder instead of her boyfriend. I hope we evolve into higher beings with 6 sexually dimorphic genders and needlessly complex sex. My parents watch a video of my nephew. They laugh and say he reminds them of me as a child. I watch the broad shoulders of the Asian man walking in front of me and feel euphoric. I dont want to shoot up this body in order to call it mine. Would I prefer being a fairy in a dress or a butch dyke in menswear? This fear is habitual, unconscious, reflexive. My optometrist asks me, Number 3, or number 4?
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Trees are never felled . . . in summer . . . Not when the fruit . . . is yet to be borne . . . Never before the promise . . . is fulfilled . . . Not when their cooling shade . . . has yet to comfort . . . Yet there are those . . . unheeding of nature . . . indifferent to ecology . . . ignorant of need . . . who . . . with ax and sharpened saw . . . would . . . in boots . . . step forth damaging . . . Not the tree . . . for it falls . . . But those who would . . . in summers heat . . . or winters cold . . . contemplate . . . the beauty . . .
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: January 2009 1 Snow fallen, another going gone, new come in, open the door: each night I grow young, my friends are well again, my life is all before me, each morning I close a door, another door. 2 Cloud on cloud, gray on gray, snow fallen on snow, tree on tree on unleafed tree only a river silvered with thin ice and a slash of gold in the late gray sky. 3 Grayed snow slush trudge but snow falling coating filling in for absence Present! child with stringed mittens here to take her place to take over on snow showing up air 4 White sky, whiter sun brushing trees with tints of red, then in the distance streaking mauve gold, filling in between the now filagreed trees, silhouettes against the now red burning sky. 5 As if letting go, dangling down, only down, through a cracked pane, a clear pane, weeping beech branches, roots in air, only the crack slant- ing up or (last night in sleeps play a long red slide) sloping down 6 down buildings walls houses schools, no one building only bombing, months of little in, now nothing no one out, only down: bodies arms legs in Gaza where the eyeless man tore pillars house himself the people down 7 On this day, this birthday, I wish myself for the first time (who would be a child again?) back at that dining room table with him, his years of little more less back, not as in the note in her birthday book, died 84 yrs of age 8 snow rain ice stand walk fall little more less face flesh hand will is was oh yes no melt rain snow 9 Off the page, sliding or I brush or dont see you, but without you, so cold, colder than stooped-by-age shoulder, oh flesh, hand, Love, come turn my page. 10 Tempered by age, passion, rage cool, no lost sleep while in sleep they burn again, your fine hand igniting my thigh, live birds crushed under my feet, then morning grays again, aged back, writing died... of age 11 As body to body fall- ing together we burn again, snow drifts in air, turns, rolls almost horizontal, takes its own slow time off from falling 12 Gun to body, shell to body, bombs to bodies: three, five, now nine hundred bodies, over two hundred childrens bodies, over the border to Gaza to close the already closed border, not to meet, border to border: a border has no body, is only a side. 13 Epiphany missed, not the seen but the comingto see, or star, the minister said, light sensed against the dark, but not even the dark night, or the cold bright, snow roof over the roof below the darkness before only gray, industrial gunmetal battleship slate gray, and the coming of gray 14 Friend Sleep has betrayed me Im trapped in a castle with villainess villain two doors open a third slams down before the darkness Im trapped in a room my friends accuse me I hide my sheets I cannot tell them Im dying and then awaking Im hurting (why these dreams?) my betraying self 15 In sleep a holocaust rations trapped in a kitchen ovens coming why not eat them if food is scarce In Gaza food is scarce, power lost, the UN Compound, a hospital hit today, now over 1000 dead But see, here, History: the Future: some hope, though still rationed, is Coming Soon. 16 stuck zipper sticky egg wiped off mouth mothers mouth lined around but pursed now closer why not eat touch again all right merge again then zip: put sleep to sleep 17 Today the train too fast they said too soon they said not yet they said to Washington all right now a black man to the White House on the train. 18 On his way to the Capitol largely built by slaves who baked bricks, cut, laid stone on his way to stand before the Mall where slaves were held in pens and sold on his way to a White House partly built by slaves, where another resident, after his Proclamation, wrote:If slavery is not wrong, nothing is wrong. 19One hundred years later, King said and said to the crowd on the Mall,Now is the time and We can never be satisfied as long as, he dreamed: every valley exalted, all these years untilnot an end, they said, a beginning 20 O bless hold help keep him safe, let him help us through this cold, let us help him help us through this cold, let its end be O yes a beginning. 21 Cold is in the air, troops are finally out of Gaza where 1300 dead are on or in the ground where olive trees are up- rooted, down, spoons a coloring book limbs shoes in the rubbleIn the depths of winter, he said. Today he is In, at work. 22 White roof over the roof, white branches clinging to branches, even the still fallen snow is moving, even icicles shift toward dripping, nothing, not even the cold bodies we are becoming is not moving, not even the ground is not moving, over, on 23 Beyond my windowed wall, gray clouds move over clouds, beyond the Wall that grays Gaza, dust over dust of disturbed bodies, wall with drawn- in windows, winter mirror 24 cold heart comfort shoulder feet hands water drawn in from left out take stay sober stone grave still body turn on light open to warm up front heart 25 fallen snow shifts blows drifts from tree to ground, leaves the beautiful skeletal limbs open to only all over air wind lifts then lets fall 26 He stumbled but still, she blundered but still, they said what they shouldnt have said and recovered, of course they are the great but even the small (though all, we early learn, may fall) may leave the mistaken, misspoken behind as late we stumble into our selves. 27maybe not long, you said,cancer cancer cancer, cs crashing like waves waves of frozen foam that day on that lake you who please dont go I can late we I can better Love I 28 mouth with you to mouth with you to body with you in body embodied, not yet un- bodied Love I can better no room so warm as with I think I thought I could I can but not without you 29 In Vietnam: new year of the water buffalo, steady, slow, welcomed with peach blossoms, fruits, red wine In Gaza: year of the new war, now ended but no room to bury the dead, no place for the living to buy food, water, any ... 30 for the woman who cooks on a fire of sticks, her bag of clothes on a tree for those going home to water their trees, lemon and almond and olive and for those trees 31 snow to rain to ice to melt to freeze frame window grayed in with old self same but new has come can better Love Igoing home bless keep clean gray slate not white or black for even these few words, this small rain
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: It's just me throwing myself at you, romance as usual, us times us, not lust but moxibustion, a substance burning close to the body as possible withut risk of immolation. Nearness without contact causes numbness. Analgesia. Pins and needles. As the snugness of the surgeon's glove causes hand fatigue. At least this procedure requires no swag or goody bags, stuff bestowed upon the stars at their luxe functions. There's no dress code, though leg irons are always appropriate. And if anyone says what the hell are you wearing in Esperanto Kion diable vi portas? tell them anguish is the universal language. Stars turn to trainwrecks and my heart goes out admirers gush. Ground to a velvet! But never mind the downside, mon semblable, mon crush. Love is just the retaliation of light. It is so profligate, you know, so rich with rush.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Something so light almost nothingNot a list of violencesnor reports from beauty One person looks up & then another after another looking up in the same direction Who took this picture of Fight ghost town this is Palestine
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Periyar Nature Preserve There is no crumbly frozen cake to thaw. Today, we are in the jungle. I mean mosquito. I mean tigers and elephants sludging their way to the lake for a drink and Dont make sudden moves or snakes startled from an afternoon nap will greet you fang first. I think we are lost. Too hot for any cold confection to survive. Even my tube of sunblock is as warm as a babys bottle. You get to those places I cant reach, those places I dared not even whisper before I walked down the aisle in white. You never worried if our families would clash, if they would clang like the clutch of pale monkeys clanging the thin branches of the treetrops, begging for our trail mix. You never worried about my relatives staring at your pale, muscled calves things not usually seen outside of the bedroom. You wore hiking shorts anyway. And still, they lavished ladle-fuls of food on your plate. I think we are lost. My eyes are dark and wet as that wild deer that walked right past us, a little off the trail. I think we are lost, but for once I don't mind. Eventually you turn us back to a place not on any map, but I know I can trace it back with my finger if we ever need it again. We made it one year without a compass and were not about to start now.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: when all the golden birds fly home across the blue deep water; On shore I sit rapt in its scattering glitter; departure rustles through the trees. This farewell is vast and separation draws close, but reunion, that also is certain. My head on my arm I fall asleep easily. On my eyes a mothers breath, from her mouth to my heart: sleep, child, and dream now the sun is gone.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: For Michael Coyle and Donna Frieze 1 You said anyone could walk in with a pack of explosives as we passed through the crowds of tourists and school kids under the glass-grid ceiling lit with sun. I was saying: Shes our earth, our body, our sex, as we drifted down the halls of statues and colonnades and hunks of facades of Greek temples until we found room 22, The Hellenistic World, where a bronze face in a glass box on the wall stared back at us.Head from a bronze cult statue of Anahita, a local goddess in the guise of Aphrodite (
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: We had the new Chevrolet steel Idyll, sky-blue metal with the salmon interior, A Sunset On Wheels. We had silver moving clowns, the most famous of which resembled our worst villain, which confused us. Little toothbrush mustaches. We had an abundance, for once, of chocolate and tobacco, and nearly everyone drank a sweet bubbly beverage flavored by a South American plant. It somewhat burned our nose and throat. My mood was sweet and even, the rain was warm driving down the road with the radio on. It played some lovely exciting tune. Then, an unctuous voice with news of war. You drove to work with your coffee between your legs, the line ahead pink near the tree line, your dashboard with serene green lights. In the back seat was a Wild Bill Hickock coloring book and a small sneaker. It read Red Ball Jets. You stumbled into the cold green sea, enervated, with a dry mouth, afraid you might step in a hole and drown. You cant swim. The beach is ahead, some palm fronds wave. Its beautiful, like Bali Hai, but there are planes descending ack ack ack, making filmic little fountains of sand where they strafe the beach. Finally, reaching the woods, and separated from your company, you all asleep. Some of your sons crayons melted in the back window. Remember to scrape those up, or melt it with wax paper and an iron, as the newspaper instructed. Bring home the Butternut Bread, Fred. We each had Rangoon Night Market Noodles. They were salty, with pieces of duck. Then we went to a movie. Someone sat on my homburg. When it was over, we walked out stunned and embarrassed. Even mediocre films communicate with ones childhood. The line of people waiting to get in examined us carefully. And for an hour after this, every little sound was delicious: the keys in our pocket, the creak of our seats, the bedsprings when we crawled into bed, effects in a soundtrack. Our sex was a little melodramatic, with a loopy grandeur. And afterwards we were so thirsty. We watched the solar eclipse in Dads welding helmet, his crusaders helm, wobbling and blind. Our tongue always smarted with the astringent mint of the toothpaste when we moved to the bed, and she was always burning holes in her nylons with those goddamn Pell Mells. Sunday night you were alone in the farmhouse, near sunset. It had been a hot day, with cicadas humming in the corn, the sound rising into the hot blue silver. You took a bath, and when you walked into the living room, still a little wet, the curtains planed horizontal, and you could hear distant thunder. The radio was low, playing classical music. The corn leaves were active, but discreet. That night you sat on the front porch steps drinking your sons Hi-C citrus cooler. A special events floodlight examined the horizon. Under a sky thick and like pewter, lying there reading with the window open, you heard a Brooklyn catbird imitate a car alarm, the series of warbles and chirps identical, and in the same sequence. The famous Car Alarm Bird. You like the way the brushes sound over the car radio when the drummer plays with a small ensemble. As the station gets further away, the sound of the brushes mixes with static, as though some small bright particles were bunched there at the end of his hands. You worry about the car when you leave the tarmac because the bottom pings with small stones from the hardpan. The red radio towers blink far ahead, and off to the right. Soon you move up under them.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: You can shuffle and scuffle and scold, You can rattle the knockers and knobs, Or batter the doorsteps with buckets of gold Till the Deputy-Governor sobs. You can sneak up a suitable plank In a frantic endeavor to see But what do they do in the Commonwealth Bank When the Big Door bangs at Three? Listen in the cellars, listen in the vaults, Cant you hear the tellers turning somersaults? Cant you hear the spectres of inspectors and directors Dancing with the phantoms in a Dead Mans Waltz? Some are ghosts of nabobs, poverty and stray bobs, Midas and his mistress, Mammon and his wife; Other ones are sentries, guarding double entries, Long-forgotten, double-dealing, troubled double-life. Down among the pass-books, money lent and spent, Down among the forests of the Four Per Cent., Where the ledgers meet and moulder, and the overdrafts grow older, And the phantoms shrug a shoulder when you ask em for the rent. They are bogies of Grandfathers cheques, They are spectres of buried accounts, They are crinoline sweethearts with pearls on their necks, Demanding enormous amounts. They are payment for suppers and flowers, For diamonds to banish a tear, For sweet, pretty ladies in opulent hours . . . And tombstones . . . and bailiffs . . . and beer . . . Down in the bowels of the bank, the ledgers lie rank upon rank, The debts of the ages come out of their pages, The bones of old loans creak and clank Oh, if you could peep through the door To day at a Quarter Past Four, Youd find all the ghosts at their usual posts, And you wouldnt sign cheques any more!
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: When you said that you wanted to be useful as the days of the week, I said, God bless you. Then you said you would not trade our Mondays, useful for two thousand years, for the Seven Wonders of the ancient world. I said, Endless are the wonders to which I can only say ah, that our Ah who art in heaven can easily become the ah, ah that comforts a baby. Then you said, Go make a living on metaphors for ah, that I, a lunatic, secretly want to be the Lighthouse of Alexandria, a fifty-story-high collaboration of art and science, a mirror of light that might be seen five or ten days out to sea, Poseidon standing on my shoulders, the Library of Alexandria at my back, all the wonders of Greek Africa. I said, Today is Monday. I want little more than to be a hand-mirror my wife carries in her purse with a hankie to stop my hemorrhaging humility.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Homes the place we head for in our sleep. Boxcars stumbling north in dreams dont wait for us. We catch them on the run. The rails, old lacerations that we love, shoot parallel across the face and break just under Turtle Mountains. Riding scars you cant get lost. Home is the place they cross. The lame guard strikes a match and makes the dark less tolerant. We watch through cracks in boards as the land starts rolling, rolling till it hurts to be here, cold in regulation clothes. We know the sheriffs waiting at midrun to take us back. His car is dumb and warm. The highway doesnt rock, it only hums like a wing of long insults. The worn-down welts of ancient punishments lead back and forth. All runaways wear dresses, long green ones, the color you would think shame was. We scrub the sidewalks down because it's shameful work. Our brushes cut the stone in watered arcs and in the soak frail outlines shiver clear a moment, things us kids pressed on the dark face before it hardened, pale, remembering delicate old injuries, the spines of names and leaves.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I tell my attendants,Right there, When they rub me where it itches. They rub for a few seconds, then move on, Theres so much of it to wash, It being me, a former person, Now something that must be washed every day In so little time. Fifty minutes outside my breathing machine, And all I can do is stare As my breath recedes like the woman Who would not love me. Its almost over, I say over and over to myself As soon as the machine is turned off. An idiotic mantra perhaps, But it helps when the ache descends into my eyes And my words quit coming out right.Left hand, I say.Right foot? the attendant says, guessing. I begin to fantasize about gusts of air Rushing down my windpipe with hurricane force. Garish and impossible, theyre respiratory porn. My re-entry is stalled By the attendant straightening a sheet That no one will see. Enraged, I squeeze my eyes closed.Christ. What?Never mind. Once back in and turned on, I cough violently and with conviction. Shocked by the force of the inrushing air, I feel my lungs expand like birthday balloons, My terror-flattened mind pops up into 3-D, As I return to the land of breathing. January, 1990
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Its true: I almost never smile, but that doesnt mean Im not in love: my heart is that black violin played slowly. You know that moment late in the solo when the voice is so pure you feel the blood in it: the wound between rage and complete surrender. Thats where Im smiling. You just cant see itthe sound bleeding perfectly inside me. The first time I killed a vampire I was sad: I mean we were almost family. But thats so many lives ago. I believe in the cry that cuts into the melody, the strings calling back the forgotten world. When I think of the madness that has made me and the midnight I walk insideall day long: when I think of that one note that breaks whats left of whats human in me, man, I love everything
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: In Normandy, at Point Du Hoc, where some Rangers died, Dad pointed to an old man 20 feet closer to the edge than us, asking if I could see the medal the man held like a rosary. As we approached the cliff the mans swearing, each bulleted syllable, sifted back toward us in the ocean wind. I turned away, but my shoulder was held still by my fathers hand, and I looked up at him as he looked at the man.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Lord is not a word. Song is not a salve. Suffer the child, who lived on sunlight and solitude. Savor the man, craving earth like an aftertaste. To discover in one's hand two local stones the size of a dead man's eyes saves no one, but to fling them with a grace you did not know you knew, to bring them skimming homing over blue, is to discover the river from which they came. Mild merciful amnesia through which I've moved as through a blue atmosphere of almost and was, how is it now, like ruins unearthed by ruin, my childhood should rise? Lord, suffer me to sing these wounds by which I am made and marred, savor this creature whose aloneness you ease and are.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: My youth? I hear it mostly in the long, volleying Echoes of billiards in the pool halls where I spent it all, extravagantly, believing My delicate touch on a cue would last for years. Outside the vineyards vanished under rain, And the trees held still or seemed to hold their breath When the men I worked with, pruning orchards, sang Their lost songs: Amapola; La Paloma;Jalisco, No Te Rajesthe corny tunes Their sons would just as soon forget, at recess, Where they lounged apart in small groups of their own. Still, even when they laughed, they laughed in Spanish. I hated high school then, & on weekends drove A tractor through the widowed fields. It was so boring I memorized poems above the engines monotone. Sometimes whole days slipped past without my noticing, And birds of all kinds flew in front of me then. I learned to tell them apart by their empty squabblings, The slightest change in plumage, or the inflection Of a call. And why not admit it? I was happy Then. I believed in no one. I had the kind Of solitude the world usually allows Only to kings & criminals who are extinct, Who disdain this world, & who rot, corrupt & shallow As fields I disced: I turned up the same gray Earth for years. Still, the land made a glum raisin Each autumn, & made that little hell of days The vines must have seemed like cages to the Mexicans Who were paid seven cents a tray for the grapes They picked. Inside the vines it was hot, & spiders Strummed their emptiness. Black Widow, Daddy Longlegs. The vine canes whipped our faces. None of us cared. And the girls I tried to talk to after class Sailed by, then each night lay enthroned in my bed, With nothing on but the jewels of their embarrassment. Eyes, lips, dreams. No one. The sky & the road. A life like that? It seemed to go on forever Reading poems in school, then driving a stuttering tractor Warm afternoons, then billiards on blue October Nights. The thick stars. But mostly now I remember The trees, wearing their mysterious yellow sullenness Like party dresses. And parties I didnt attend. And then the first ice hung like spider lattices Or the embroideries of Great Aunt No One, And then the first dark entering the trees And inside, the adults with their cocktails before dinner, The way they always seemed afraid of something, And sat so rigidly, although the land was theirs.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: How to get close without going over. How to feign lust for whatevers on offer. How the largest possible quantity of anything is a lifetime. A lifetime of oat bran. A lifetime of timing belts. A lifetime of saying, sure, why not,im only on earth x numberof years, and not knowing what to make x. Sometimes I pick a number Ive already passed. I remember the gamblers credowhen you only have fifty bucks left in this world, youd better get rid of it fast; the last thing you want is money around, reminding you every day of the money you lost. The recommended retirement plan is arabesque, then leap and smash on the seawall. We made a promise not to catch each other.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: We used to say, Thats my heart right there. As if to say, Dont mess with her right there. As if, dont even play, Thats a part of me right there. In other words, okay okay, Thats the start of me right there. As if, come that day, Thats the end of me right there. As if, push come to shove, I would fend for her right there. As if, come what may, I would lie for her right there. As if, come love to pay, I would die for that right there.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: One granite ridge A tree, would be enough Or even a rock, a small creek, A bark shred in a pool. Hill beyond hill, folded and twisted Tough trees crammed In thin stone fractures A huge moon on it all, is too much. The mind wanders. A million Summers, night air still and the rocks Warm. Sky over endless mountains. All the junk that goes with being human Drops away, hard rock wavers Even the heavy present seems to fail This bubble of a heart. Words and books Like a small creek off a high ledge Gone in the dry air. A clear, attentive mind Has no meaning but that Which sees is truly seen. No one loves rock, yet we are here. Night chills. A flick In the moonlight Slips into Juniper shadow: Back there unseen Cold proud eyes Of Cougar or Coyote Watch me rise and go.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The courage to let go of the door, the handle. The courage to shed the familiar walls whose very stains and leaks are comfortable as the little moles of the upper arm; stains that recall a feast, a childs naughtiness, a loud blattering storm that slapped the roof hard, pouring through. The courage to abandon the graves dug into the hill, the small bones of children and the brittle bones of the old whose marrow hunger had stolen; the courage to desert the tree planted and only begun to bear; the riverside where promises were shaped; the street where their empty pots were broken. The courage to leave the place whose language you learned as early as your own, whose customs however dan- gerous or demeaning, bind you like a halter you have learned to pull inside, to move your load; the land fertile with the blood spilled on it; the roads mapped and annotated for survival. The courage to walk out of the pain that is known into the pain that cannot be imagined, mapless, walking into the wilderness, going barefoot with a canteen into the desert; stuffed in the stinking hold of a rotting ship sailing off the map into dragons mouths, Cathay, India, Siberia, goldeneh medina leaving bodies by the way like abandoned treasure. So they walked out of Egypt. So they bribed their way out of Russia under loads of straw; so they steamed out of the bloody smoking charnelhouse of Europe on overloaded freighters forbidden all ports out of pain into death or freedom or a different painful dignity, into squalor and politics. We Jews are all born of wanderers, with shoes under our pillows and a memory of blood that is ours raining down. We honor only those Jews who changed tonight, those who chose the desert over bondage, who walked into the strange and became strangers and gave birth to children who could look down on them standing on their shoulders for having been slaves. We honor those who let go of every- thing but freedom, who ran, who revolted, who fought, who became other by saving themselves.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: the car had a cover over itand it was over the wheelsand it hurt my ass and I couldnt sleep. It seems I should move, go forward nowI was wandering through the jungleanywhere on earth but I was a womanin bed in New York and how many people have died in wild placesdreaming you were still in bedwould you know. Travel wellI said to my dog when shewent on her journey thinkingof a cheap movieIve thought this was an urnturning this was on waterthis was flatbut now I see light betweenthe trees I see water tricklingthrough stone this is not made of language but energythat will stop when I diethe dream dies tooone bolt
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Emptied, precious, querulous, frail,a box of butter biscuits by the bedside,dun pills in a pale plastic tray,your grandmother lies in her tiny bonesand mumbles, mysterious, while you say nothing,barely thirteen, blank as the day.You were to keep an eye on herbreathing, her little bones heaving,and your eyes scan figurines, mementoson the windowsillLittle Bo Peep has losther headand green fields through the window:hay barns, small farms, a chicken battery shed.Bwwaaakk! Buck-back-bock-buckaaaakk!Rows upon rows of chickens.There was a funnel hung from a gibbetthat swung like a big steel conical conundrumabove their dun feathersthe colorof your grandmothers tights scrumpled on the floor.Even a year before, she would have swoonedfor shame at the sight of those tights half-trailedunder her bed, their crinkled wee anklesjouking out, as if they had crawled underand tipped their wrinkled cargo into the voidyour grandmother in bed, waiting for the spoon.Her weak breath does not reach heavenbut hazes among the chipped figurines,the dull color televisions black screen,fading flesh-colored flowers on the wall-paper, dun as the wings of those dirt-crustedrows upon rows of throbbing chickens.When you dropped one into the funnelits head pushed through that blood-rimmed Oto stare chicken-eyed at the other side,blackened numbles and gibletsupon which it would soon streamlike warm port, its feet still in a fidget.What gets passed on, through generations?Your grandmother tries to speak. Her bonyfingers clutch your handand you bendyour head down. But youd get more sensefrom the sea in a seashell as your fatherenters the room beaming, Well! Well?
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: My mind is like a clamorous market-place. All day in wind, rain, sun, its babel wells; Voice answering to voice in tumult swells. Chaffering and laughing, pushing for a place, My thoughts haste on, gay, strange, poor, simple, base; This one buys dust, and that a bauble sells: But none to any scrutiny hints or tells The haunting secrets hidden in each sad face. The clamour quietens when the dark draws near; Strange looms the earth in twilight of the West, Lonely with one sweet star serene and clear, Dwelling, when all this place is hushed to rest, On vacant stall, gold, refuse, worst and best, Abandoned utterly in haste and fear.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The simple contact with a wooden spoon and the word recovered itself, began to spread as grass, forced as it lay sprawling to consider the monument where patience looked at grief, where warfare ceased eyes curled outside themes to search the paper now gleaming and potent, wise and resilient, word entered its continent eager to find another as capable as a thorn. The nearest possession would house them both, they being then two might glide into this house and presently create a rather larger mansion filled with spoons and condiments, gracious as a newly laid table where related objects might gather to enjoy the interplay of gravity upon facetious hints, the chocolate dish presuming an endowment, the ladle of galactic rhythm primed as a relish dish, curved knives, finger bowls, morsel carriages words might choose and savor before swallowing so much was the sumptuousness and substance of a rented house where words placed dressing gowns as rosemary entered their scent percipient as elder branches in the night where words gathered, warped, then straightened, marking new wands.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: My last Sabbath, I follow the girls, who sneak into the wedding tent, scattered with sun flower seeds and remnants of celebration. They each stand up on a table. Take a crushed beer can as a microphone, sing and move their fifteen-year-old hips. I watch, clap for them, until a small face peers in the door. A boy. His face white with something. The door slamming, his very small fist holding it shut, having found what was inside wrong. Enough, I tell him; enough! He leaves. The girls dance again, but less bold. Look: the boy has come back, is looking you hard in the eye, through the crack of the door. There, in his hand, a neon plastic BB gun. He does this for his grandmother and for his son.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: For Marian Before you, I was living on an island And all around the seas of that lonely coast Cast up their imitation jewels, cast Their fables and enigmas, questioning, sly. I never solved them, or ever even heard, Being perfect in innocence: unconscious of self; Such ignorance of history was all my wealth A geographer sleeping in the shadow of virgins. But though my maps were made of private countries I was a foreigner in all of them after you had come, For when you spoke, it was with a human tongue And never understood by my land-locked gentry. Then did the sun shake down a million bells And birds bloom on bough in wildest song! Phlegmatic hills went shivering with flame; The chestnut trees were manic at their deepest boles! It is little strange that nature was riven in her frame At this second creation, known to every lover How we are shaped and shape ourselves in the desires of the other Within the tolerance of human change. Out of the springs innocence this revolution, Created on a kiss, announced the second season, The summer of private history, of growth, through whose sweet sessions The trees lift toward the sun, each leaf a revelation. Our bodies, coupled in the moonlights album, Proclaimed our love against the outlaw times Whose signature was written in the burning towns. Your face against the night was my medallion. Your coming forth aroused unlikely trumpets In the once-tame heart. They heralded your worth Who are my lodestar, my bright and ultimate North, Marrying all points of my personal compass. This is the love that now invents my fear Which nuzzles me like a puppy each violent day. It is poor comfort that the mind comes, saying: What is one slim girl to the peoples wars? Still, my dice are loaded: having had such luck, Having your love, my life would still be whole Though I should die tomorrow. I have lived it all. And love is never love, that cannot give love up.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Nothing nastier than a white person! She mutters as she irons alterations in the backroom of Charlottes Dress Shoppe. The steam rising from a cranberry wool comes alive with perspiration and stale Evening of Paris.Swamp she born from, swamp she swallow, swamp she got to sink again.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: October five. Seven years older in dog years and then your November the day record snowfalls hit Randolph New Hampshire in forty-three and I am thinking of something intimate and impossible to waste: Brazils undiscovered caverns of amethyst endless smooth oval stones along Washingtons moody Pacific chewing a continent. But I am wrong. We pass St. Michaels the cemetery that asks the public to mow and weed it and perhaps draw larger conclusions about the already wasted and tidy up names frayed at the edges by the ions that bind by age the chemical salt of time that jostles stones over at their bases to remind us or alter their sentiments. We read and read and each time nothing new has come up on their markers. At home we hear the fishermen bring up their nets smack water to scare them. By now the flounders secret pocket where its heart and everything separate from meat and bone is cleaned and empty as a silk purse not a nickel left down in the freezer. Nothing really shines but this: I have loved you eight presidents. Forty years. Five point seven in dog.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: To those of a certain temperament, there is nothing worse than the thought of something hidden, secret, withheld from their knowing especially if they suspect that another knows about it and has even, perhaps, connived at keeping it concealed. D. H. Lawrence seems to have been irritated no end by the thought that people were having sex and not telling him. Freud too. Ah but then Freud arranged it so that everyone had to tell. His psychoanalysis lights up the depths, makes our tangled web transparent, to the point where I can see all the way down to It. And the process moves outward in increasing rings: The Master analyses his disciples. Who therebytransparent nowbecome masters and, in turn, take on others, patients or disciples, to analyse. So that eventually there are no secrets. Except, of course, those of the first Master, the Self-Analysed. Which is to say, the only private One, sole Unrevealed. Opaque center of His universal panopticon. While we see only His words, His daughter, His cigar. Poor Lawrence.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Now they to their slogged forthwendings tend, four hunters, guns askew like four unruly hairs, to start the rabbit or pheasant from hiding. But these cocks, wily, lie close and spy from covert or culvert the passing grim party and the rabbit keeps Viet-Cong-like to its digs. Here is no hunting horn and gargle of hounds among horse whinny and hoof stamp and ladies in smart hunting habits, though these four sport red in patterns motley or checkered and in hues fluorescent as road crewmens vests. Small wonder the game is not game, so uncouthly strikes the eye this drawling troupe of unshaven hope and choler and color. The roadside sparrows, come to dust, scatter before the headlong hum of him leather-crouched, helmet-missled over the speed-stretched oval wheels of his hundred-mile-per-hour crotch rocket all the way to Lone Tree past the six-foot Iowa corn, surprised cows and hogs and the high horse considering gravely over the fence this black burst of boots and gloves and goggles. So the goggle-eyed frog dives under a scum of ditch-vetched water fern and the blue-backed kestrel stoops from its crystal insulator perch and, gray as a piece of the paving, up springs the four-inch grasshopper splat! like a nicotine bullet in the teeth. Bearded buggy dads on their way to market, fine trotters high-stepping between shafts, broad-brim-hatted, blue-chambray-shirted, with black pants and black suspenders, sons like scrubbed minor replicas, dutiful daughters, eyes downcast among chatter of bonneted grannies and mothers, patriarchal grandfathers observing that rain must come as it always has, Gods will be done, and brief gossip also among the elders of shunning a deacon caught in unnatural circumstances with a pigthe Devils own vessel!and of Sister Sara, whos soon to require the midwife, as the moon too is full almost.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: At first she thought the lump in the road was clay thrown up by a truckers wheel. Then Beatrice saw the mess of feathers: Six or seven geese stood in the right-of-way, staring at the blood, their black heads rigid above white throats. Unmoved by passing wind or familiar violence, they fixed their gaze on dead flesh and something more, a bird on the wing. It whirled in a thicket of fog that grew up from fields plowed and turned to winter. It joined other spirits exhaled before dawn, creatures that once had crept or flapped or crawled over the land. Beatrice had heard her mother tell of men who passed as spirits. They hid in limestone caves by the river, hooded themselves inside the curved wall, the glistening rock. Then just at dark they appeared, as if they had the power to split the earth open to release them. White-robed, faceless horned heads, they advanced with torches over the water, saying: We are the ghosts of Shiloh and Bull Run fight! Neighbors who watched at the bridge knew each man by his voice or limp or mended boots but said nothing, allowed the marchers to pass on. Then they ran their skinny hounds to hunt other lives down ravines, to save their skins another night from the carrion beetles, spotted with red darker than blood, who wait by the grave for the bodys return to the earth. Some years the men killed scores, treed them in the sweetgums. Watched a mans face flicker in the purple-black leaves. Then they burned the tree. Smoke from their fires still lay over the land where Beatrice traveled. Out of this cloud the dead of the field spoke to her, voices from the place where some voices never stop:They took my boy down by Sucarnochee Creek. He said, Gentlemen, what have I done? They says, Never mind what you have done. We just want your damned heart. After they killed him, I built up a little fire and laid out by him all night until the neighbors came in the morning. I was standing there when they killed him, down by Sucarnochee Creek.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I. Dzogbese Lisa has treated me thus It has led me among the sharps of the forest Returning is not possible And going forward is a great difficulty The affairs of this world are like the chameleon feces Into which I have stepped When I clean it cannot go.1 I am on the world's extreme corner, I am not sitting in the row with the eminent But those who are lucky Sit in the middle and forget I am on the world's extreme corner I can only go beyond and forget. My people, I have been somewhere If I turn here, the rain beats me If I turn there the sun burns me The firewood of this world Is for only those who can take heart That is why not all can gather it. The world is not good for anybody But you are so happy with your fate; Alas! The travelers are back All covered with debt. II. Something has happened to me The things so great that I cannot weep; I have no sons to fire the gun when I die And no daughters to wail when I close my mouth I have wandered on the wilderness The great wilderness men call life The rain has beaten me, And the sharp stumps cut as keen as knives I shall go beyond and rest. I have no kin and no brother, Death has made war upon our house; And Kpeti's great household is no more, Only the broken fence stands; And those who dared not look in his face Have come out as men. How well their pride is with them. Let those gone before take note They have treated their offspring badly. What is the wailing for? Somebody is dead. Agosu himself Alas! A snake has bitten me My right arm is broken, And the tree on which I lean is fallen. Agosi if you go tell them, Tell Nyidevu, Kpeti, and Kove That they have done us evil; Tell them their house is falling And the trees in the fence Have been eaten by termites; That the martels curse them. Ask them why they idle there While we suffer, and eat sand. And the crow and the vulture Hover always above our broken fences And strangers walk over our portion.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: His daughter pulls on her fathers frayed dishdasha to go check the bees. Today she doesnt carry the smoke canister with her to the field. She opens a tray while talking down their high whine, breaks off honeycomb and rubs it over her face and hair, over white cloth, down to her feet. Each of her hands holds the crumbling comb like a sponge while she waits for them. When the first one comes she feels wings against her toes, a tongue unscrolling. She wills herself not to laugh as the next alights on her neck, tickling her hairs as it walks. Then they descend to shoulders, forearms, chest, thighs, eyes she shutsshe feels the thousand tongues on the cloth. Feather-like wings churn in her ears, rustle and hum with agitated talk. Never been so loved. Her fathers alive, shes a torch of burning bees, tears course across cheeks. When her mother sees the apparition of bees walking towards their door she falls on her knees. It is the end of the world. But when the angel speaks with her daughters voice shes not amazed. Mama, how do I end this? Her mother brushes bees away from her eyes, pulls them from her hair and undresses her child, hanging the winged dishdasha on the clothes line. Carries her naked girl into the house to bathe. The bee-like angels take all day to strip honey from the robe, return it to their tiered home.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: In an effort to get people to look into each others eyes more, and also to appease the mutes, the government has decided to allot each person exactly one hundred and sixty-seven words, per day. When the phone rings, I put it to my ear without saying hello. In the restaurant I point at chicken noodle soup. I am adjusting well to the new way. Late at night, I call my long distance lover, proudly say I only used fifty-nine today. I saved the rest for you.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: On Sundays, the preacher gives everyone a chance to repent their sins. Miss Edna makes me go to church. She wears a bright hat I wear my suit. Babies dress in lace. Girls my age, some pretty, some not so pretty. Old ladies and men nodding. Miss Edna every now and then throwing her hand in the air. Saying Yes, Lord and Preach! I sneak a pen from my back pocket, bend down low like I dropped something. The chorus marches up behind the preacher clapping and humming and getting ready to sing. I write the word HOPE on my hand.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Inside me lived a small donkey. I didnt believe in magic, but the donkey was a sucker for the stuff. Psychics, illusionists, arthritics whod predict the rainfall. That was the year I had trouble walking. I over-thought it and couldnt get the rhythm right. The donkey re-taught me. This foot. Yes, then that one. And swing your arms as if youre going to trial to be exonerated of a crime youve most definitely committed. Next, trouble sleeping because Id need to crank the generator in my chest so frequently. Seeing I was overworked, the donkey finally hauled it out it looked shiny and new, a silver dollar and tossed it into a flock of birds who had to fly a long way to find safety. I knew then I was a large and dangerous man, what with this donkey living inside me, but felt futile. One day, during a final lesson on breathing, the donkey asked what kind of jeans I was wearing. I said, The somber ones. Poor kid. So will you be staying on for a third year, donkey? No. I think I should be leaving soon. I think I should go and await your arrival beside the crumpled river. Yes, I suppose you have many important matters to attend to, but maybe one day I will come and join you for a drink or, perhaps, for a brief nap.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: you could mistake grief for a diamond the way it shines when cut into, like fish eyes in a boats drain. The eyes fly into death seeing everything: the cloud of alcohol in Sagittarius B2, the ten billion-trillion-trillion carat diamond in Centaurus, the soul swimming through air with its tie hanging silver beneath it like a kite string. But Philomelas tongue does not die. Shards of memory fall through her, finding muscle at the shore where blood meets vein, cutting the string thats kept her sanity tied to the root. In its place, mute swans lie dormant beneath frozen lakes of scar. Tereus says she cannot say what happened. She says silence writhes inside the walls of truth, like a fox thrashing hot in a hounds jaws, or a riled fly, frantic to escape the hand that carries it to safety.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: for M.B. The answer is entropyhow smell works little bits of everythingalways spinning off from where they wereflying off at random into the worldwhich is to say into air. There are other ways of solid to gas theyre substance specific, like iodine, or dry icehow I felt when I saw you straight to a new state without passing through expected onesas though enough of me left at the moment you appeared that I could never be whole without youapply heatI turn straight into ether.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: THE Angel ended, and in Adams Eare So Charming left his voice, that he a while Thought him still speaking, still stood fixt to hear; Then as new wak't thus gratefully repli'd. What thanks sufficient, or what recompence Equal have I to render thee, Divine Hystorian, who thus largely hast allayd The thirst I had of knowledge, and voutsaf't This friendly condescention to relate Things else by me unsearchable, now heard With wonder, but delight, and, as is due, With glorie attributed to the high Creator; something yet of doubt remaines, Which onely thy solution can resolve. When I behold this goodly Frame, this World Of Heav'n and Earth consisting, and compute, Thir magnitudes, this Earth a spot, a graine, An Atom, with the Firmament compar'd And all her numberd Starrs, that seem to rowle Spaces incomprehensible (for such Thir distance argues and thir swift return Diurnal) meerly to officiate light Round this opacous Earth, this punctual spot, One day and night; in all thir vast survey Useless besides, reasoning I oft admire, How Nature wise and frugal could commit Such disproportions, with superfluous hand So many nobler Bodies to create, Greater so manifold to this one use, For aught appeers, and on thir Orbs impose Such restless revolution day by day Repeated, while the sedentarie Earth, That better might with farr less compass move, Serv'd by more noble then her self, attaines Her end without least motion, and receaves, As Tribute such a sumless journey brought Of incorporeal speed, her warmth and light; Speed, to describe whose swiftness Number failes. So spake our Sire, and by his count'nance seemd Entring on studious thoughts abstruse, which Eve Perceaving where she sat retir'd in sight, With lowliness Majestic from her seat, And Grace that won who saw to wish her stay, Rose, and went forth among her Fruits and Flours, To visit how they prosper'd, bud and bloom, Her Nurserie; they at her coming sprung And toucht by her fair tendance gladlier grew. Yet went she not, as not with such discourse Delighted, or not capable her eare Of what was high: such pleasure she reserv'd, Adam relating, she sole Auditress; Her Husband the Relater she preferr'd Before the Angel, and of him to ask Chose rather; hee, she knew would intermix Grateful digressions, and solve high dispute With conjugal Caresses, from his Lip Not Words alone pleas'd her. O when meet now Such pairs, in Love and mutual Honour joyn'd? With Goddess-like demeanour forth she went; Not unattended, for on her as Queen A pomp of winning Graces waited still, And from about her shot Darts of desire Into all Eyes to wish her still in sight. And Raphael now to Adam's doubt propos'd Benevolent and facil thus repli'd. To ask or search I blame thee not, for Heav'n Is as the Book of God before thee set, Wherein to read his wondrous Works, and learne His Seasons, Hours, or Dayes, or Months, or Yeares: This to attain, whether Heav'n move or Earth, Imports not, if thou reck'n right, the rest From Man or Angel the great Architect Did wisely to conceal, and not divulge His secrets to be scann'd by them who ought Rather admire; or if they list to try Conjecture, he his Fabric of the Heav'ns Hath left to thir disputes, perhaps to move His laughter at thir quaint Opinions wide Hereafter, when they come to model Heav'n And calculate the Starrs, how they will weild The mightie frame, how build, unbuild, contrive To save appeerances, how gird the Sphear With Centric and Eccentric scribl'd o're, Cycle and Epicycle, Orb in Orb: Alreadie by thy reasoning this I guess, Who art to lead thy ofspring, and supposest That bodies bright and greater should not serve The less not bright, nor Heav'n such journies run, Earth sitting still, when she alone receaves The benefit: consider first, that Great Or Bright inferrs not Excellence: the Earth Though, in comparison of Heav'n, so small, Nor glistering, may of solid good containe More plenty then the Sun that barren shines Whose vertue on it self workes no effect, But in the fruitful Earth; there first receavd His beams, unactive else, thir vigour find. Yet not to Earth are those bright Luminaries Officious, but to thee Earths habitant. And for the Heav'ns wide Circuit, let it speak The Makers high magnificence, who built So spacious, and his Line stretcht out so farr; That Man may know he dwells not in his own; An Edifice too large for him to fill, Lodg'd in a small partition, and the rest Ordain'd for uses to his Lord best known. The swiftness of those Circles attribute Though numberless, to his Omnipotence, That to corporeal substances could adde Speed almost Spiritual; mee thou thinkst not slow, Who since the Morning hour set out from Heav'n Where God resides, and ere mid-day arriv'd In Eden, distance inexpressible By Numbers that have name. But this I urge, Admitting Motion in the Heav'ns, to shew Invalid that which thee to doubt it mov'd; Not that I so affirm, though so it seem To thee who hast thy dwelling here on Earth. God to remove his wayes from human sense, Plac'd Heav'n from Earth so farr, that earthly sight, If it presume, might erre in things too high, And no advantage gaine. What if the Sun Be Center to the World, and other Starrs By his attractive vertue and thir own Incited, dance about him various rounds? Thir wandring course now high, now low, then hid, Progressive, retrograde, or standing still, In six thou seest, and what if sev'nth to these The Planet Earth, so stedfast though she seem, Insensibly three different Motions move? Which else to several Sphears thou must ascribe, Mov'd contrarie with thwart obliquities, Or save the Sun his labour, and that swift Nocturnal and Diurnal rhomb suppos'd, Invisible else above all Starrs, the Wheele Of Day and Night; which needs not thy beleefe, If Earth industrious of her self fetch Day Travelling East, and with her part averse From the Suns beam meet Night, her other part Still luminous by his ray. What if that light Sent from her through the wide transpicuous aire, To the terrestrial Moon be as a Starr Enlightning her by Day, as she by Night This Earth? reciprocal, if Land be there, Feilds and Inhabitants: Her spots thou seest As Clouds, and Clouds may rain, and Rain produce Fruits in her soft'nd Soile, for some to eate Allotted there; and other Suns perhaps With thir attendant Moons thou wilt descrie Communicating Male and Femal Light, Which two great Sexes animate the World, Stor'd in each Orb perhaps with some that live. For such vast room in Nature unpossest By living Soule, desert and desolate, Onely to shine, yet scarce to contribute Each Orb a glimps of Light, conveyd so farr Down to this habitable, which returnes Light back to them, is obvious to dispute. But whether thus these things, or whether not, Whether the Sun predominant in Heav'n Rise on the Earth, or Earth rise on the Sun Hee from the East his flaming rode begin, Or Shee from West her silent course advance With inoffensive pace that spinning sleeps On her soft Axle, while she paces Eev'n, And beares thee soft with the smooth Air along, Sollicit not thy thoughts with matters hid, Leave them to God above, him serve and feare; Of other Creatures, as him pleases best, Wherever plac't, let him dispose: joy thou In what he gives to thee, this Paradise And thy faire Eve; Heav'n is for thee too high To know what passes there; be lowlie wise:. Think onely what concernes thee and thy being; Dream not of other Worlds, what Creatures there Live, in what state, condition or degree, Contented that thus farr hath been reveal'd Not of Earth onely but of highest Heav'n. To whom thus Adam cleerd of doubt, repli'd. How fully hast thou satisfi'd mee, pure Intelligence of Heav'n, Angel serene, And freed from intricacies, taught to live, The easiest way, nor with perplexing thoughts To interrupt the sweet of Life, from which God hath bid dwell farr off all anxious cares, And not molest us, unless we our selves Seek them with wandring thoughts, and notions vain. But apt the Mind or Fancie is to roave Uncheckt, and of her roaving is no end; Till warn'd, or by experience taught, she learne, That not to know at large of things remote From use, obscure and suttle, but to know That which before us lies in daily life, Is the prime Wisdom, what is more, is fume, Or emptiness, or fond impertinence, And renders us in things that most concerne Unpractis'd, unprepar'd, and still to seek. Therefore from this high pitch let us descend A lower flight, and speak of things at hand Useful, whence haply mention may arise Of somthing not unseasonable to ask By sufferance, and thy wonted favour deign'd. Thee I have heard relating what was don Ere my remembrance: now hear mee relate My Storie, which perhaps thou hast not heard; And Day is yet not spent; till then thou seest How suttly to detaine thee I devise, Inviting thee to hear while I relate, Fond, were it not in hope of thy reply: For while I sit with thee, I seem in Heav'n, And sweeter thy discourse is to my eare Then Fruits of Palm-tree pleasantest to thirst And hunger both, from labour, at the houre Of sweet repast; they satiate, and soon fill, Though pleasant, but thy words with Grace Divine Imbu'd, bring to thir sweetness no satietie. To whom thus Raphael answer'd heav'nly meek. Nor are thy lips ungraceful, Sire of men, Nor tongue ineloquent; for God on thee Abundantly his gifts hath also pour'd Inward and outward both, his image faire: Speaking or mute all comliness and grace Attends thee, and each word, each motion formes, Nor less think wee in Heav'n of thee on Earth Then of our fellow servant, and inquire Gladly into the wayes of God with Man: For God we see hath honour'd thee, and set On Man his Equal Love: say therefore on; For I that Day was absent, as befell, Bound on a voyage uncouth and obscure, Farr on excursion toward the Gates of Hell; Squar'd in full Legion (such command we had) To see that none thence issu'd forth a spie, Or enemie, while God was in his work, Least hee incenst at such eruption bold, Destruction with Creation might have mixt. Not that they durst without his leave attempt, But us he sends upon his high behests For state, as Sovran King, and to enure Our prompt obedience. Fast we found, fast shut The dismal Gates, and barricado'd strong; But long ere our approaching heard within Noise, other then the sound of Dance or Song, Torment, and loud lament, and furious rage. Glad we return'd up to the coasts of Light Ere Sabbath Eev'ning: so we had in charge. But thy relation now; for I attend, Pleas'd with thy words no less then thou with mine. So spake the Godlike Power, and thus our Sire. For Man to tell how human Life began Is hard; for who himself beginning knew? Desire with thee still longer to converse Induc'd me. As new wak't from soundest sleep Soft on the flourie herb I found me laid In Balmie Sweat, which with his Beames the Sun Soon dri'd, and on the reaking moisture fed. Strait toward Heav'n my wondring Eyes I turnd, And gaz'd a while the ample Skie, till rais'd By quick instinctive motion up I sprung, As thitherward endevoring, and upright Stood on my feet; about me round I saw Hill, Dale, and shadie Woods, and sunnie Plaines, And liquid Lapse of murmuring Streams; by these, Creatures that livd, and movd, and walk'd, or flew, Birds on the branches warbling; all things smil'd, With fragrance and with joy my heart oreflow'd. My self I then perus'd, and Limb by Limb Survey'd, and sometimes went, and sometimes ran With supple joints, and lively vigour led: But who I was, or where, or from what cause, Knew not; to speak I tri'd, and forthwith spake My Tongue obey'd and readily could name What e're I saw. Thou Sun, said I, faire Light, And thou enlight'nd Earth, so fresh and gay, Ye Hills and Dales, ye Rivers, Woods, and Plaines, And ye that live and move, fair Creatures, tell, Tell, if ye saw, how came I thus, how here? Not of my self; by some great Maker then, In goodness and in power praeeminent; Tell me, how may I know him, how adore, From whom I have that thus I move and live, And feel that I am happier then I know. While thus I call'd, and stray'd I knew not whither, From where I first drew Aire, and first beheld This happie Light, when answer none return'd, On a green shadie Bank profuse of Flours Pensive I sate me down; there gentle sleep First found me, and with soft oppression seis'd My droused sense, untroubl'd, though I thought I then was passing to my former state Insensible, and forthwith to dissolve: When suddenly stood at my Head a dream, Whose inward apparition gently mov'd My fancy to believe I yet had being, And livd: One came, methought, of shape Divine, And said, thy Mansion wants thee, Adam, rise, First Man, of Men innumerable ordain'd First Father, call'd by thee I come thy Guide To the Garden of bliss, thy seat prepar'd. So saying, by the hand he took me rais'd, And over Fields and Waters, as in Aire Smooth sliding without step, last led me up A woodie Mountain; whose high top was plaine, A Circuit wide, enclos'd, with goodliest Trees Planted, with Walks, and Bowers, that what I saw Of Earth before scarce pleasant seemd. Each Tree Load'n with fairest Fruit that hung to the Eye Tempting, stirr'd in me sudden appetite To pluck and eate; whereat I wak'd, and found Before mine Eyes all real, as the dream Had lively shadowd: Here had new begun My wandring, had not hee who was my Guide Up hither, from among the Trees appeer'd Presence Divine. Rejoycing, but with aw In adoration at his feet I fell Submiss: he rear'd me, and Whom thou soughtst I am, Said mildely, Author of all this thou seest Above, or round about thee or beneath. This Paradise I give thee, count it thine To Till and keep, and of the Fruit to eate: Of every Tree that in the Garden growes Eate freely with glad heart; fear here no dearth: But of the Tree whose operation brings Knowledg of good and ill, which I have set The Pledge of thy Obedience and thy Faith Amid the Garden by the Tree of Life Remember what I warne thee, shun to taste, And shun the bitter consequence: for know, The day thou eat'st thereof, my sole command Transgrest, inevitably thou shalt dye; From that day mortal, and this happie State Shalt loose, expell'd from hence into a World Of woe and sorrow. Sternly he pronounc'd The rigid interdiction, which resounds Yet dreadful in mine eare, though in my choice Not to incur; but soon his cleer aspect Return'd and gracious purpose thus renew'd. Not onely these fair bounds, but all the Earth To thee and to thy Race I give; as Lords Possess it, and all things that therein live, Or live in Sea, or Aire, Beast, Fish, and Fowle. In signe whereof each Bird and Beast behold After thir kindes; I bring them to receave From thee thir Names, and pay thee fealtie With low subjection; understand the same Of Fish within thir watry residence, Not hither summond, since they cannot change Thir Element to draw the thinner Aire. As thus he spake, each Bird and Beast behold Approaching two and two, These cowring low With blandishment, each Bird stoop'd on his wing. I nam'd them, as they pass'd, and understood Thir Nature, with such knowledg God endu'd My sudden apprehension: but in these I found not what me thought I wanted still; And to the Heav'nly vision thus presum'd. O by what Name, for thou above all these, Above mankinde, or aught then mankinde higher, Surpassest farr my naming, how may I Adore thee, Author of this Universe, And all this good to man, for whose well being So amply, and with hands so liberal Thou hast provided all things: but with mee I see not who partakes. In solitude What happiness, who can enjoy alone, Or all enjoying, what contentment find? Thus I presumptuous; and the vision bright, As with a smile more bright'nd, thus repli'd. What call'st thou solitude, is not the Earth With various living creatures, and the Aire Replenisht, and all these at thy command To come and play before thee, know'st thou not Thir language and thir wayes, they also know, And reason not contemptibly; with these Find pastime, and beare rule; thy Realm is large. So spake the Universal Lord, and seem'd So ordering. I with leave of speech implor'd, And humble deprecation thus repli'd. Let not my words offend thee, Heav'nly Power, My Maker, be propitious while I speak. Hast thou not made me here thy substitute, And these inferiour farr beneath me set? Among unequals what societie Can sort, what harmonie or true delight? Which must be mutual, in proportion due Giv'n and receiv'd; but in disparitie The one intense, the other still remiss Cannot well suite with either, but soon prove Tedious alike: Of fellowship I speak Such as I seek, fit to participate All rational delight, wherein the brute Cannot be human consort; they rejoyce Each with thir kinde, Lion with Lioness; So fitly them in pairs thou hast combin'd; Much less can Bird with Beast, or Fish with Fowle So well converse, nor with the Ox the Ape; Wors then can Man with Beast, and least of all. Whereto th' Almighty answer'd, not displeas'd. A nice and suttle happiness I see Thou to thy self proposest, in the choice Of thy Associates, Adam, and wilt taste No pleasure, though in pleasure, solitarie. What thinkst thou then of mee, and this my State, Seem I to thee sufficiently possest Of happiness, or not? who am alone From all Eternitie, for none I know Second to me or like, equal much less. How have I then with whom to hold converse Save with the Creatures which I made, and those To me inferiour, infinite descents Beneath what other Creatures are to thee? He ceas'd, I lowly answer'd. To attaine The highth and depth of thy Eternal wayes All human thoughts come short, Supream of things; Thou in thy self art perfet, and in thee Is no deficience found; not so is Man, But in degree, the cause of his desire By conversation with his like to help, Or solace his defects. No need that thou Shouldst propagat, already infinite; And through all numbers absolute, though One; But Man by number is to manifest His single imperfection, and beget Like of his like, his Image multipli'd, In unitie defective, which requires Collateral love, and deerest amitie. Thou in thy secresie although alone, Best with thy self accompanied, seek'st not Social communication, yet so pleas'd, Canst raise thy Creature to what highth thou wilt Of Union or Communion, deifi'd; I by conversing cannot these erect From prone, nor in thir wayes complacence find. Thus I embold'nd spake, and freedom us'd Permissive, and acceptance found, which gain'd This answer from the gratious voice Divine. Thus farr to try thee, Adam, I was pleas'd, And finde thee knowing not of Beasts alone, Which thou hast rightly nam'd, but of thy self, Expressing well the spirit within thee free, My Image, not imparted to the Brute, Whose fellowship therefore unmeet for thee Good reason was thou freely shouldst dislike, And be so minded still; I, ere thou spak'st, Knew it not good for Man to be alone, And no such companie as then thou saw'st Intended thee, for trial onely brought, To see how thou could'st judge of fit and meet: What next I bring shall please thee, be assur'd, Thy likeness, thy fit help, thy other self, Thy wish exactly to thy hearts desire. Hee ended, or I heard no more, for now My earthly by his Heav'nly overpowerd, Which it had long stood under, streind to the highth In that celestial Colloquie sublime, As with an object that excels the sense, Dazl d and spent, sunk down, and sought repair Of sleep, which instantly fell on me, call'd By Nature as in aide, and clos'd mine eyes. Mine eyes he clos'd, but op'n left the Cell Of Fancie my internal sight, by which Abstract as in a transe methought I saw, Though sleeping, where I lay, and saw the shape Still glorious before whom awake I stood; Who stooping op'nd my left side, and took From thence a Rib, with cordial spirits warme, And Life-blood streaming fresh; wide was the wound, But suddenly with flesh fill'd up and heal'd: The Rib he formd and fashond with his hands; Under his forming hands a Creature grew, Manlike, but different Sex, so lovly faire, That what seemd fair in all the World, seemd now Mean, or in her summd up, in her containd And in her looks, which from that time infus'd Sweetness into my heart, unfelt before, And into all things from her Aire inspir'd The spirit of love and amorous delight. Shee disappeerd, and left me dark, I wak'd To find her, or for ever to deplore Her loss, and other pleasures all abjure: When out of hope, behold her, not farr off, Such as I saw her in my dream, adornd With what all Earth or Heaven could bestow To make her amiable: On she came, Led by her Heav'nly Maker, though unseen, And guided by his voice, nor uninformd Of nuptial Sanctitie and marriage Rites: Grace was in all her steps, Heav'n in her Eye, In every gesture dignitie and love. I overjoyd could not forbear aloud. This turn hath made amends; thou hast fulfill'd Thy words, Creator bounteous and benigne, Giver of all things faire, but fairest this Of all thy gifts, nor enviest. I now see Bone of my Bone, Flesh of my Flesh, my Self Before me; Woman is her Name, of Man Extracted; for this cause he shall forgoe Father and Mother, and to his Wife adhere; And they shall be one Flesh, one Heart, one Soule. She heard me thus, and though divinely brought, Yet Innocence and Virgin Modestie, Her vertue and the conscience of her worth, That would be woo'd, and not unsought be won, Not obvious, not obtrusive, but retir'd, The more desirable, or to say all, Nature her self, though pure of sinful thought, Wrought in her so, that seeing me, she turn'd; I follow'd her, she what was Honour knew, And with obsequious Majestie approv'd My pleaded reason. To the Nuptial Bowre I led her blushing like the Morn: all Heav'n, And happie Constellations on that houre Shed thir selectest influence; the Earth Gave sign of gratulation, and each Hill; Joyous the Birds; fresh Gales and gentle Aires Whisper'd it to the Woods, and from thir wings Flung Rose, flung Odours from the spicie Shrub, Disporting, till the amorous Bird of Night Sung Spousal, and bid haste the Eevning Starr On his Hill top, to light the bridal Lamp. Thus I have told thee all my State, and brought My Storie to the sum of earthly bliss Which I enjoy, and must confess to find In all things else delight indeed, but such As us'd or not, works in the mind no change, Nor vehement desire, these delicacies I mean of Taste, Sight, Smell, Herbs, Fruits, and Flours, Walks, and the melodie of Birds; but here Farr otherwise, transported I behold, Transported touch; here passion first I felt, Commotion strange, in all enjoyments else Superiour and unmov'd, here onely weake Against the charm of Beauties powerful glance. Or Nature faild in mee, and left some part Not proof enough such Object to sustain, Or from my side subducting, took perhaps More then enough; at least on her bestow'd Too much of Ornament, in outward shew Elaborate, of inward less exact. For well I understand in the prime end Of Nature her th' inferiour, in the mind And inward Faculties, which most excell, In outward also her resembling less His Image who made both, and less expressing The character of that Dominion giv'n O're other Creatures; yet when I approach Her loveliness, so absolute she seems And in her self compleat, so well to know Her own, that what she wills to do or say, Seems wisest, vertuousest, discreetest, best; All higher knowledge in her presence falls Degraded, Wisdom in discourse with her Looses discount'nanc't, and like folly shewes; Authority and Reason on her waite, As one intended first, not after made Occasionally; and to consummate all, Greatness of mind and nobleness thir seat Build in her loveliest, and create an awe About her, as a guard Angelic plac't. To whom the Angel with contracted brow. Accuse not Nature, she hath don her part; Do thou but thine, and be not diffident Of Wisdom, she deserts thee not, if thou Dismiss not her, when most thou needst her nigh, By attributing overmuch to things Less excellent, as thou thy self perceav'st. For what admir'st thou, what transports thee so, An outside? fair no doubt, and worthy well Thy cherishing, thy honouring, and thy love, Not thy subjection: weigh with her thy self; Then value: Oft times nothing profits more Then self esteem, grounded on just and right Well manag'd; of that skill the more thou know'st, The more she will acknowledge thee her Head, And to realities yield all her shows: Made so adorn for thy delight the more, So awful, that with honour thou maist love Thy mate, who sees when thou art seen least wise. But if the sense of touch whereby mankind Is propagated seem such dear delight Beyond all other, think the same voutsaf't To Cattel and each Beast; which would not be To them made common and divulg'd, if aught Therein enjoy'd were worthy to subdue The Soule of Man, or passion in him move. What higher in her societie thou findst Attractive, human, rational, love still; In loving thou dost well, in passion not, Wherein true Love consists not; love refines The thoughts, and heart enlarges, hath his seat In Reason, and is judicious, is the scale By which to heav'nly Love thou maist ascend, Not sunk in carnal pleasure, for which cause Among the Beasts no Mate for thee was found. To whom thus half abash't Adam repli'd. Neither her out-side formd so fair, nor aught In procreation common to all kindes (Though higher of the genial Bed by far, And with mysterious reverence I deem) So much delights me as those graceful acts, Those thousand decencies that daily flow From all her words and actions mixt with Love And sweet compliance, which declare unfeign'd Union of Mind, or in us both one Soule; Harmonie to behold in wedded pair More grateful then harmonious sound to the eare. Yet these subject not; I to thee disclose What inward thence I feel, not therefore foild, Who meet with various objects, from the sense Variously representing; yet still free Approve the best, and follow what I approve. To love thou blam'st me not, for love thou saist Leads up to Heav'n, is both the way and guide; Bear with me then, if lawful what I ask; Love not the heav'nly Spirits, and how thir Love Express they, by looks onely, or do they mix Irradiance, virtual or immediate touch? To whom the Angel with a smile that glow'd Celestial rosie red, Loves proper hue, Answer'd. Let it suffice thee that thou know'st Us happie, and without Love no happiness. Whatever pure thou in the body enjoy'st (And pure thou wert created) we enjoy In eminence, and obstacle find none Of membrane, joynt, or limb, exclusive barrs: Easier then Air with Air; if Spirits embrace, Total they mix, Union of Pure with Pure Desiring; nor restrain'd conveyance need As Flesh to mix with Flesh, or Soul with Soul. But I can now no more; the parting Sun Beyond the Earths green Cape and verdant Isles Hesperean sets, my Signal to depart. Be strong, live happie, and love, but first of all Him whom to love is to obey, and keep His great command; take heed least Passion sway Thy judgement to do aught, which else free Will Would not admit; thine and of all thy Sons The weal or woe in thee is plac't; beware. I in thy persevering shall rejoyce, And all the Blest: stand fast; to stand or fall Free in thine own Arbitrement it lies. Perfet within, no outward aid require; And all temptation to transgress repel. So saying, he arose; whom Adam thus Follow'd with benediction. Since to part, Go heavenly Guest, Ethereal Messenger, Sent from whose sovran goodness I adore. Gentle to me and affable hath been Thy condescension, and shall be honour'd ever With grateful Memorie: thou to mankind Be good and friendly still, and oft return. So parted they, the Angel up to Heav'n From the thick shade, and Adam to his Bowre.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I come from Inuit oil money, From instruments of chance and divination. The most loose, shut in, wavering mind, Recording my day with recitations, antennae, Narration and figure, my phone might die. I'm walking dirty. Shop and mob cops, not to touch my mother's breast Or the queen's royal crown signature Izzy Jujuhijacked, forsaking all others. The untamed scotch is mine. It cost the picture a fortune To say nothing of my turban, costume copies Of topaz bracelets, the umpteenth translation. Did you ever know Micah, Gay Sunshine, Grace Cathedral, Coconut? I went from heels at Barneys to the depths of the bins. Who could be like dropping in? I'll fold both my hands In gloves and wait, Hope Diamond peeking out.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Who I know knows why all those lush-boned worn-out girls are Whooping at where the moon should be, an eyelid clamped On its lightness. Nobody sees her without the hoops firing in her Ears because nobody sees. Tattooed across her chest she claims Is BRING ME TO WHERE MY BLOOD RUNS and I want that to be here Where I am her son, pent in blackness and turning the night's calm Loose and letting the same blood fire through me. In her bomb hair: Shells full of thunder; in her mouth: the fingers of some calamity, Somebody foolish enough to love her foolishly. Those who could hear No music weren't listeningand when I say it, it's like claiming She's an elegy. It rhymes, because of her, with effigy. Because of her, If there is no smoke, there is no party. I think of you, Miss Calamity, Every Sunday. I think of you on Monday. I think of you hurling hurt Where the moon should be and stomping into our darkness calmly.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Because a lie is not a lie if the teller believes it, the way beautiful things reassure us of the worlds wholeness, of our wholeness, is not quite a lie. Beautiful things believe their own narrative, the narrative that makes them beautiful. I almost believed it until the new mother strapped her infant to her chest, opened the eighth-floor window, and jumped. My daughter tells me, after her preschool field trip to the Firefighter Museum, about the elephant mask, its hose like a trunk, and the video of a man on fire being smothered in blankets. She asks me if she knows anyone who got dead in a fire, anyone who got fired. When will I die? she asks. When I was a child, I churched my hands, I steepled my hands, and all the people were inside, each finger a man, a woman, a child. When I die, will you still love me? she asks. The mother cracked on the pavement how did the baby live? Look, he smiles and totters around the apartment eight stories up. Beautiful things reassure us of the worlds wholeness: each child sliding down the pole into the fire captains arms. But whats whole doesnt sell itself as such: buy this whole apple, this whole car. Live this whole life. A lie is not a lie if the teller believes it? Next time the man in the video will not ignite. The baby will open like a parachute.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Coleman Hawkins doing that thing with his sax: high and lonely as a kestrel twirls on thermals, sorting files of sound with a singular finger, now alighting in pools of light, hovering then fixed like whirring wings of the insect glazed in serous amber but dreaming of oxygen: Sound leading a mindinto that sobrietyof thought which poisesthe heart. Sound like that, holding and giving out never. Sound quickenedwith desire. Soundthe benefit of nature in taut bolts of time, rich polychrome threads, count: Two-sixty. Sound blots outthe violence of affliction bringing it home lonely but good, letting it bend: Wehad much more reason being winged ones to recollect than forget.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I must have passed the crest a while ago And now I am going down.Strange to have crossed the crest and not to know But the brambles were always catching the hem of my gown.All the morning I thought how proud it would be To stand there straight as a queenWrapped in the wind and the sun, with the world under me. But the air was dull, there was little I could have seen.It was nearly level along the beaten track And the brambles caught in my gownBut its no use now to think of turning back, The rest of the way will be only going down. September 1919
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I dont recall when I first understood why you stiffen at the roar of low flying jets Did you tell me, Mother, or did I just know? When you refused to show me the caves like eyes in the hills behind Bah-chans house Did I only dream it, how when the sirens began the trains stopped dead in their tracks, unleashing a stream of thousands to rush blind and headlong toward those sheltering hills The damp press of strange bodies in darkness rank with the stench of wars leavings, only imagine a young girls cries drowned in the tumult, urgent groping of unseen hands the bombs raining d0wn on Yokohama Harbor all through the night, hothouse blooms crackling in a seething sky, then hissing into a boiling sea Was it a millennium that passed before the sirens ceased their wailing, only to be taken up again by the dogs and the dying? But you talk of none of this today. We walk slowly, saying little, as if less said will keep the heat at bay. The air is wet, heavy with summer smells carried aloft on the hypnotic drone of cicadas. You show me where as a girl you played in other summers, catching kabuto beetles and dragonflies in bamboo cages. What must go through you when we pass them at a distance, those black maws yawning out of the hillside, exhaling the unspeakable?
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Never anymore in a wash of sweetness and awe does the summer when I was seventeen come back to mind against my will, like a bird crossing my vision. Summer of moist nights full of girls and boys ripened, holy drunkenness and violation of the comic boundaries, defiances that never failed or brought disaster. Days on the backs and in the breath of horses, between rivers and pools that reflected the cicadas' whine, enervation and strength creeping in smooth waves over muscular water. All those things accepted, once, with unnoticing hunger, as an infant accepts the nipple, never come back to mind against the will. What comes unsummoned now, blotting out every other thought and image, is a part of the past not so deep or far away: the time of poverty, of struggle to find means not hatefulthe muddy seedtime of early manhood. What returns are those moments in the diner night after night with each night's one cup of coffee, watching an old man, who always at the same hour came in and smiled, ordered his tea and opened his drawing pad. What did he fill it with? And where's he gone? Those days, that studious worker, hand moving and eyes eager in the sour light, that artist always in the same worn-out suit, are my nostalgia now. That old man comes back, the friend I saw each day and never spoke to, because I hoped soon to disappear from there, as I have disappeared, into the heaven of better days.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: couldn't stand to see these new young faces, these children swollen as myself. my roommate, snotty, bragging about how she didn't give a damn about the kid and was going back to her boyfriend and be a cheerleader in high school. could we ever "go back"? would our bodies be the same? could we hide among the childless
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: if there is a river more beautiful than this bright as the blood red edge of the moon if there is a river more faithful than this returning each month to the same delta if there is a river braver than this coming and coming in a surge of passion, of pain if there is a river more ancient than this daughter of eve mother of cain and of abel if there is in the universe such a river if there is some where water more powerful than this wild water pray that it flows also through animals beautiful and faithful and ancient and female and brave
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I I am asking something gone return: at least one night, her face a girls, just twenty, and to be married in a month, holding the dresss hem to her lips as places are called. And I, come along too late to know her trembling, parting the curtain let me hear her now perched on the ladder, recite But Mama, . . . am I pretty enough . . . ? II When Emily marries, ladies in hats drown out the proper vows its what the play requires; the everyday over the sacred. Even the set is made of items found in the actors garages so we always see back to the bones. Here my grandmother stands at the altar with her fictional George and gossip swells in the pews which are rows of folding chairs. III Among the murmuring departed, in the cemetery, my grandmother takes her place at the empty plot. Shes the newcomer who cant believe shes dead if the living roam just on the crest of this hill. My grandmother in white poplin dress and hair ribbon lifts her arms in despair Emily, untouched by the rain. IV Tomorrow her face will glow on the cover of The Shreveport Times a gorgeous girl demanding her life. But oh! she cries in Emilys voice, I can go back there and live all those days over again . . . V So Emily steps back into childhood though the wiser dead have told her dont into her mothers kitchen, her twelfth birthday, a moment she thought she was happy. She watches now that life: mother speaking gruffly, father late to work. Dead Emily kisses the cheek of the classmate playing her mother understanding, in that kitchen, theyd all been blind: they never knew those people they said they loved. VI My grandmother maintains her grace to the end. She is the queen of the theater; all of Shreveport melts for her smile. She holds her palms out to feel the heavy drops as the curtains close, though she knows this rain is only the sound of rain.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: For Craig The blackbird sings atthe frontier of his music.The branch where he satmarks the brink of doubt,is the outpost of his realm,edge from which to routencroachers with trillsand melismatic runs sur-passing earthbound skills.It sounds like ardor,it sounds like joy. We are gladhere at the borderwhere he signs the airwith his invisible staves,Trespassers bewareSong as survivala kind of pure music whichwe cannot rival.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Where did you get such a dirty face, My darling dirty-faced child? I got it from crawling along in the dirt And biting two buttons off Jeremys shirt. I got it from chewing the roots of a rose And digging for clams in the yard with my nose. I got it from peeking into a dark cave And painting myself like a Navajo brave. I got it from playing with coal in the bin And signing my name in cement with my chin. I got it from rolling around on the rug And giving the horrible dog a big hug. I got it from finding a lost silver mine And eating sweet blackberries right off the vine. I got it from ice cream and wrestling and tears And from having more fun than youve had in years.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The fog comes
on little cat feet.

It sits looking
over harbor and city
on silent haunches
and then moves on.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Five years have past; five summers, with the length Of five long winters! and again I hear These waters, rolling from their mountain-springs With a soft inland murmur.Once again Do I behold these steep and lofty cliffs, That on a wild secluded scene impress Thoughts of more deep seclusion; and connect The landscape with the quiet of the sky. The day is come when I again repose Here, under this dark sycamore, and view These plots of cottage-ground, these orchard-tufts, Which at this season, with their unripe fruits, Are clad in one green hue, and lose themselves 'Mid groves and copses. Once again I see These hedge-rows, hardly hedge-rows, little lines Of sportive wood run wild: these pastoral farms, Green to the very door; and wreaths of smoke Sent up, in silence, from among the trees! With some uncertain notice, as might seem Of vagrant dwellers in the houseless woods, Or of some Hermit's cave, where by his fire The Hermit sits alone. These beauteous forms, Through a long absence, have not been to me As is a landscape to a blind man's eye: But oft, in lonely rooms, and 'mid the din Of towns and cities, I have owed to them, In hours of weariness, sensations sweet, Felt in the blood, and felt along the heart; And passing even into my purer mind With tranquil restoration:feelings too Of unremembered pleasure: such, perhaps, As have no slight or trivial influence On that best portion of a good man's life, His little, nameless, unremembered, acts Of kindness and of love. Nor less, I trust, To them I may have owed another gift, Of aspect more sublime; that blessed mood, In which the burthen of the mystery, In which the heavy and the weary weight Of all this unintelligible world, Is lightened:that serene and blessed mood, In which the affections gently lead us on, Until, the breath of this corporeal frame And even the motion of our human blood Almost suspended, we are laid asleep In body, and become a living soul: While with an eye made quiet by the power Of harmony, and the deep power of joy, We see into the life of things. If this Be but a vain belief, yet, oh! how oft In darkness and amid the many shapes Of joyless daylight; when the fretful stir Unprofitable, and the fever of the world, Have hung upon the beatings of my heart How oft, in spirit, have I turned to thee, O sylvan Wye! thou wanderer thro' the woods, How often has my spirit turned to thee! And now, with gleams of half-extinguished thought, With many recognitions dim and faint, And somewhat of a sad perplexity, The picture of the mind revives again: While here I stand, not only with the sense Of present pleasure, but with pleasing thoughts That in this moment there is life and food For future years. And so I dare to hope, Though changed, no doubt, from what I was when first I came among these hills; when like a roe I bounded o'er the mountains, by the sides Of the deep rivers, and the lonely streams, Wherever nature led: more like a man Flying from something that he dreads, than one Who sought the thing he loved. For nature then (The coarser pleasures of my boyish days And their glad animal movements all gone by) To me was all in all.I cannot paint What then I was. The sounding cataract Haunted me like a passion: the tall rock, The mountain, and the deep and gloomy wood, Their colours and their forms, were then to me An appetite; a feeling and a love, That had no need of a remoter charm, By thought supplied, not any interest Unborrowed from the eye.That time is past, And all its aching joys are now no more, And all its dizzy raptures. Not for this Faint I, nor mourn nor murmur; other gifts Have followed; for such loss, I would believe, Abundant recompense. For I have learned To look on nature, not as in the hour Of thoughtless youth; but hearing oftentimes The still sad music of humanity, Nor harsh nor grating, though of ample power To chasten and subdue.And I have felt A presence that disturbs me with the joy Of elevated thoughts; a sense sublime Of something far more deeply interfused, Whose dwelling is the light of setting suns, And the round ocean and the living air, And the blue sky, and in the mind of man: A motion and a spirit, that impels All thinking things, all objects of all thought, And rolls through all things. Therefore am I still A lover of the meadows and the woods And mountains; and of all that we behold From this green earth; of all the mighty world Of eye, and ear,both what they half create, And what perceive; well pleased to recognise In nature and the language of the sense The anchor of my purest thoughts, the nurse, The guide, the guardian of my heart, and soul Of all my moral being. Nor perchance, If I were not thus taught, should I the more Suffer my genial spirits to decay: For thou art with me here upon the banks Of this fair river; thou my dearest Friend, My dear, dear Friend; and in thy voice I catch The language of my former heart, and read My former pleasures in the shooting lights Of thy wild eyes. Oh! yet a little while May I behold in thee what I was once, My dear, dear Sister! and this prayer I make, Knowing that Nature never did betray The heart that loved her; 'tis her privilege, Through all the years of this our life, to lead From joy to joy: for she can so inform The mind that is within us, so impress With quietness and beauty, and so feed With lofty thoughts, that neither evil tongues, Rash judgments, nor the sneers of selfish men, Nor greetings where no kindness is, nor all The dreary intercourse of daily life, Shall e'er prevail against us, or disturb Our cheerful faith, that all which we behold Is full of blessings. Therefore let the moon Shine on thee in thy solitary walk; And let the misty mountain-winds be free To blow against thee: and, in after years, When these wild ecstasies shall be matured Into a sober pleasure; when thy mind Shall be a mansion for all lovely forms, Thy memory be as a dwelling-place For all sweet sounds and harmonies; oh! then, If solitude, or fear, or pain, or grief, Should be thy portion, with what healing thoughts Of tender joy wilt thou remember me, And these my exhortations! Nor, perchance If I should be where I no more can hear Thy voice, nor catch from thy wild eyes these gleams Of past existencewilt thou then forget That on the banks of this delightful stream We stood together; and that I, so long A worshipper of Nature, hither came Unwearied in that service: rather say With warmer loveoh! with far deeper zeal Of holier love. Nor wilt thou then forget, That after many wanderings, many years Of absence, these steep woods and lofty cliffs, And this green pastoral landscape, were to me More dear, both for themselves and for thy sake!
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: It was the fruit I wanted, not the nest. The nest was hanging like the richest fruit against the sun. I took the nest and with it came the heart, and in my hand the kingdom and the queen, frail surfaces, rested for a moment. Then the drones awoke and did their painful business. I let the city drop upon the stones. It split to its deep palaces and combs. It bled the insect gold, the pupa queens like tiny eyes wriggled from their sockets, and somewhere the monarch cowered in a veil of wings in passages through which at evening the labourers had homed, burdened with silence and the garden scents. The secret heart was broken suddenly. I, to whom the knowledge had been given, who was not after knowledge but a fruit, remember how a knot of pains swelled my hand to a round nest; blood throbbed in the hurt veins as if an unseen swarm mined there. The nest oozed bitter honey. I swaddled my fat hand in cotton. After a week pain gave it back to me scarred and weakened like a shrivelled skin. A second fruit is growing on the tree. Identicalthe droning in the leaves. It ripens. I have another hand.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I am gut sad. I am flirting with the green waves, wandering the sand, feeding reflection into the seaweed foam. That Shakers moon is up. Crested by corn-colored stars and traced by those witchy scribblers who read the bone-smoke. No wind at all no flutter for foxglove or elm. There is a church door. In the time when the people of my hut lived, there was eating and thinking dished out to the poor and the soul-sick in this place. I am in my remembering. By the frame of the door is a crooked black bench. It is oily with history of the rumps of sages, and the foot-sore who lingered in the storm. I am bent with weeping. This blue dream chucks the salt from me. I remember the walls god-bright with the kings theology, the slow chorus of the low bell, the full hymn of the byre and field. Pathetic hut. Rain-cracked and wind-straddled. Your walls bare-nubbed by chill flagons of ocean spit. The saints are scattered. The high gable is an ivy tangle. The stink of fox is the only swinging incense. There is no stew for this arriving prodigal, no candled bed. My kin lie under the ground of this place. My shape is sloughed with grief. No more red tree between my thighs. My eyes are milk. Rage my pony. My face has earnt the grim mask. My heart a husky gore. But my hand. My hand reaches through this sour air and touches the splendid darkness of my deliverer. Translated from the Irish
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Unhappy pen and ill accepted papers, That intimate in vain my chaste desires, My chaste desires, the ever burning tapers, Enkindled by her eyes celestial fires. Celestial fires and unrespecting powers, That deign not view the glory of your might, In humble lines the work of careful hours, The sacrifice I offer to her sight. But since she scorns her own, this rests for me, Ill moan my self, and hide the wrong I have: And so content me that her frowns should be To my infant style the cradle, and the grave. What though my self no honor get thereby, Each bird sings therself, and so will I.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: I am Minerva, the village poetess, Hooted at, jeered at by the Yahoos of the street For my heavy body, cock-eye, and rolling walk, And all the more when Butch Weldy Captured me after a brutal hunt. He left me to my fate with Doctor Meyers; And I sank into death, growing numb from the feet up, Like one stepping deeper and deeper into a stream of ice. Will some one go to the village newspaper, And gather into a book the verses I wrote? I thirsted so for love I hungered so for life!
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: 1 At focus in the national Parks ellipse a marker Draws tight the guys of Miles, opposite the national Obelisk with its restless oval Peoples who shall be Deeply drawn to its Austerities: or For a moment try the mystery Of the god-like eye, before Our long climb down past relic Schoolboy names and states And one foolish man Climbs up, his death high In his elliptic face. 2 A double highway little Used in early spring Goes to the end of the land Where Washingtons chandeliers Are kept, his beds and chairs, His roped-off relic kitchen Spits, his pans; his floors Are worn underneath the dead Pilgrims feet; outside The not-so-visited tomb; And over the field and fence His legendary river: And so I walk although The day is cold for this; I eat a thin slice Of bread and one remarkable Egg perfectly shaped, A perfect oriental por- Celain sheen of white. Suddenly the lost Ghosts of his life Broke from the trees and from the cold Mud pools where he played A boy and set as a man The sand glint of his boot, The flick of his coat on the weeds; His wheels click in the single road.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Is there no balm in Gilead? So cries dour Jeremiah in granite tones. There is a balm in Gilead, replies a Negro spiritual. The baritone who chants it, leaning forward on the platform, looks up, not knowing his voice is a rainstorm that rinses air to reveal earths surprises. Today, the summer gone, four monarch butterflies, their breeds survivors, sucked a flowers last blooms, opened their wings, orange-and-black stained glass, and printed on the sky in zigzag lines, watch bright things rise: winter moons, the white undersides of a California condor, once thought doomed, now flapping wide like the first bird from ashes.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: As if because you lay(deeply embarrassing) inside my body, I could (inconceivable) follow your swift thoughts into their blue immersion even now, stilettoes flickering, or schools of fish maneuvering, first clear and then occluded, though now and then a piercing gleam cuts through; as if the snow reflections that glaze the winter afternoon to porcelain could penetrate the secrets of a skull that happens to have lodged (improbable) inside me once. Your liberation twelve years ago today is the occasion you and your friends are celebrating now behind a door thats firmly shut. The fantasy youve lately been devouring features an evil mage with hourglass eyes. Last week, when you were furious at me (I must have thrown some precious thing away), you swiftly slipped into your parents room and turned the bedside clock an hour ahead. Discovered as the culprit, wickedly you smiled. You knew time was my enemy.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Isn't it always the heart that wants to wash the elephant, begging the body to do it with soap and water, a ladder, hands, in tree-shade big enough for the vast savannahs of your sadness, the strangler fig of your guilt, the cratered full moon's light fueling the windy spooling memory of elephant? What if Father Quinn had said, "Of course you'll recognize your parents in heaven," instead of "Being one with God will make your mother and father pointless." That was back when I was young enough to love them absolutely though still fear for their place in heaven, imagining their souls like sponges full of something resembling street water after rain. Still my mother sent me every Saturday to confess, to wring the sins out of my small baffled soul, and I made up lies about lying, disobeying, chewing gum in church, to offer them as carefully as I handed over the knotted handkercheif of coins to the grocer when my mother sent me for a loaf of Wonder, Land O'Lakes, and two Camels. If guilt is the damage of childhood, then eros is the fall of adolescence. Of the fall begins there, and never ends, desire after desire parading through a lifetime like the Ringling Brothers elephants made to walk through the Queens-Midtown Tuunnel and down 34th Street to the Garden. So much of our desire like their bulky, shadowy walking after midnight, exiled from the wild and destined for a circus with its tawdry gaudiness, its unspoken pathos. It takes more than half a century to figure out who they were, the few real loves-of-your-life and how much of the rest the mad breaking-heart stickinessfalls away, slowly, unnoticed, the way you lose your taste for things like Popsicles unthinkingly. And though dailiness may have no place for the ones that have etched themselves in the laugh lines and frown lines on the face that's harder and harder to claim as your own, often one love-of-your-life will appear in a dream, arriving with the weight and certitude of an elephant, and it's always the heart that wants to go out and wash the huge mysteriousness of what they meant, those memories that have only memories to feed them, and only you to keep them clean.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: 1. Falmouth, Massachusetts, 1972 Oak table, knotted legs, the chirp And scrape of tines to mouth. Four children, four engines Of want. That music. What did your hand mean to smooth Across the casket of your belly? What echoed there, if not metiny body Afloat, akimbo, awake or at rest? Every night you fed the others Bread leavened with the grains Of your own want. How Could you stand me near you, In you, jump and kick tricking The heart, when what you prayed for Was my fathers shadow, your name In his dangerous script, an envelope Smelling of gun-powder, bay rum, Someone to wrestle, sing to, question, Climb? 2. Interstate 101 South, California, 1981 Remember the radio, the Coca-Cola sign Phosphorescent to the left, bridge After bridge, as though our lives were Engineered simply to go? And so we went Into those few quiet hours Alone together in the dark, my arm On the rest beside yours, our lights Pricking at fog, tugging us patiently Forward like a needle through gauze. Night held us like a house. Sometimes an old song Would fill the car like a ghost. 3. Leroy, Alabama, 2005 Theres still a pond behind your mothers old house, Still a stable with horses, a tractor rusted and stuck Like a trophy in mud. And the red house you might Have thrown stones at still stands on stilts up the dirt road. A girl from the next town over rides in to lend us Her colt, cries when one of us kicks it with spurs. Her father wants to buy her a trailer, let her try her luck In the shows. They stay for dinner under the tent Your brother put up for the Fourth. Firebugs flare And vanish. I am trying to let go of something. My heart cluttered with names that mean nothing. Our racket races out to the darkest part of the night. The woods catch it and send it back. 4. But lets say youre alive again Your hands are long and tell your age. You hold them there, twirling a bent straw, And my reflection watches, hollow-faced, Not trying to hide. The waiters make it seem Like Cairo. Back and forth shouting That sharp language. And for the first time I tell you everything. No shame In my secrets, shoddy as laundry. I have praised your God For the blessing of the body, snuck From pleasure to pleasure, lying for it, Holding it like a coin or a key in my fist. I know now youve known all along. I wont change. I want to give Everything away. To wander forever. Here is a pot of tea. Lets share it Slowly, like sisters.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Trade, Trade versus Art, Brain, Brain versus Heart; Oh, the earthiness of these hard-hearted times, When clinking dollars, and jingling dimes, Drown all the finer music of the soul. Life as an Octopus with but this creed, That all the world was made to serve his greed; Trade has spread out his mighty myriad claw, And drawn into his foul polluted maw, The brightest and the best, Well nigh, Has he drained dry, The sacred fount of Truth; And if, forsooth, He has left yet some struggling streams from it to go, He has contaminated so their flow, That Truth, scarce is it true. Poor Art with struggling gasp, Lies strangled, dying in his mighty grasp; He locks his grimy fingers bout her snowy throat so tender. Is there no power to rescue her, protect, defend her? Shall Art be left to perish? Shall all the images her shrines cherish Be left to this iconoclast, to vulgar Trade? Oh, that mankind had less of Brain and more of Heart, Oh, that the world had less of Trade and more of Art; Then would there be less grinding down the poor, Then would men learn to love each other more; For Trade stalks like a giant through the land, Bearing aloft the rich in his high hand, While down beneath his mighty ponderous tread, He crushes those who cry for daily bread.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The pearls, mere reminders. The oceans rapid recoil, a signal. The gulls appeared enormous in that way only things from above can such is presentation of the sudden. If only this were worthy of a frame, the wooden gesture announcing a moment past were cherished. But it was too late for that, too late to answer the surfs anxious Why? too late to decline the continuous life he had resigned himself, turning away from the grave, that plot being too familiar to so many. Of course immortality had its price: first his staff he had taped back together, then the sleeves of his robe he had reclaimed from the depths, then the magic leached nightly from his fingertips so that now his incantation for a storm brought only a slight breeze, a quick sun shower that frightened only the flowers struggling in the salt air. Now, showing his centuries, he insists:This is the wind out of which I bring clouds. These are my hands that gnarled though they be when lifted to the sky bring rain
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: When I hurt you and cast you off, that was buccaneer work: the sky must have turned on the Bay that day and spat. Wed tarried on corners, wed dallied on sofas, we were in progress, do you see? Yet stormcloud bruises bloomed where once we touched. The walls swam under minty fever; we failed to reach the long, low sleep of conquerors. Since I played wrong and you did too, since we were wrong, we need apologies; for your part in this sorry slip of hearts, you should walk on Golden Hill at night alone; for mine I will hang with my enemies, out on the long shore, our brigand bodies impaled on the horns of our failures, the cold day casting draughts through our brinkled bones.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Leaves drift from the cemetery oaks onto late grass, Sun-singed, smelling like straw, the insides of old barns. The stone angel's prayer is uninterrupted by the sleeping Vagrant at her feet, the lone squirrel, furtive amid the litter. Someone once said my great-grandmother, on the day she died, rose from her bed where she had lain, paralyzed and mute For two years following a stroke, and dressed herselfthe good Sunday dress of black crepe, cotton stockings, sensible, lace-up shoes. I imagine her coiling her long white braid in the silent house, Lying back down on top of the quilt and folding her hands, Satisfied. I imagine her born-again daughters, brought up In that tent-revival religion, called in from kitchens and fields To stand dismayed by her bed like the sisters of Lazarus, Waiting for her to breathe, to rise again and tell them what to do. Here, no cross escapes the erosion of age, no voice breaks The silence; the only certainty in the crow's flight Or the sun's measured descent is the coming of winter. Even the angel's outstretched arms offer only a formulated Grace, her blind blessings as indiscriminate as acorns, Falling on each of us, the departed and the leaving.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: How wonderful to be understood, to just sit here while some kind person relieves you of the awful burden of having to explain yourself, of having to find other words to say what you meant, or what you think you thought you meant, and of the worse burden of finding no words, of being struck dumb . . . because some bright person has found just the right words for youand you have only to sit here and be grateful for words so quiet so discerning they seem not words but literate light, in which your merely lucid blossoming grows lustrous. How wonderful that is! And how altogether wonderful it is not to be understood, not at all, to, well, just sit here while someone not unkindly is saying those impossibly wrong things, or quite possibly theyre the right things if you are, which youre not, that someone a difference, finally, so indifferent it would be conceit not to let it pass, unkindness, really, to spoil someones fun. And so you dont mind, you welcome the umbrage of those high murmurings over your head, having found, after all, you are grateful and you understand this, how wonderful! that youve been led to be quietly yourself, like a root growing wise in darkness under the light litter, the falling words.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Yes, nonsense is a treasure! I love it from my heart; The only earthly pleasure That never will depart. But, as for stupid reason, That stalking, ten-foot rule, Shes always out of season, A tedious, testy fool. Shes like a walking steeple, With a clock for face and eyes, Still bawling to all people, Time bids us to be wise. While nonsense on the spire A weathercock youll find, Than reason soaring higher, And changing with the wind. The clock too oft deceives, Says what it cannot prove; While every one believes The vane that turns above. Reason oft speaks unbidden, And chides us to our face; For which she should be chidden, And taught to know her place. While nonsense smiles and chatters, And says such charming things, Like youthful hope she flatters; And like a syren sings. Her charms from fancy borrowed, For she is fancys pet; Her name is on her forehead, In rainbow colors set. Then, nonsense let us cherish, Far, far from reasons light; Lest in her light she perish, And vanish from our sight.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Do this: take two fingers, place them on the spot behind your ear, either ear, the spot where your skull drops off into that valley of muscle & nervethat is the muscle that holds up the skull, that turns the dumb bone this way & that, that nods your face up & down when you think you get itpress deeper, touch the little bundle of nerves buried there, buried in the gristlethe nerves that make you blink when the light bewilders you, that make your tongue slide in & out when you think youre in love, when you think you need a drink, touch that spot as if you have an itch, close your eyes & listen, please, close your eyescan you hear it? We think our souls live in boxes, we think someone sits behind our eyes, lording in his little throne, steering the fork to the mouth, the mouth to the tit, we think hungry children live in our bellies & run out with their empty bowls as the food rains down, we sometimes think we are those hungry children, we think we can think anything & it wont matter, we think we can think cut out her tongue, & then ask her to sing.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: In the dark evening, my father and I walk down the road to the old house where my grandmother lived, and we see through the door an old woman's feet lifted up, tired, on a footstool, still in her thick stockings, the feet with legs and stockings looking just like Grandma's after bearing nine children who lived, standing, working all day, the kind of woman who made stacks of toast, platters of eggs for all of us each hot morning, did laundry, then lunch, supper, and worked with the animals or cleaning fish the rest of the day. I want to go open that door as I did so many times in the past, remembering not to slam the screen, as everyone would yell although I am now also older and finite, the seams of myself coming apart. How I wish I could go to that woman with her legs up and rub her feet, put liniment on her legs. Years have passed through the doors of that house, of memory, doors of the past and my father's eyes are sad, looking in, his own memories, not mine, thinking maybe of his mother and some of his old belongings, the stolen Colt of his own father, the bracelet he gave me with his R.A. number. Her memories are unremembered, as my grandfather's, as those before them, I think of what this poem is about, only partly about memory, our many losses. And walking with my father I walk with my grandparents, among the first to be numbered: #1556, #1555.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of Forgotten Things

The dust motes dance in sunbeams pale,
On shelves where memories lie veiled.
A faded photograph, a cracked old book,
Whispering stories, a silent look.

A chipped porcelain doll, eyes wide and bright,
Reflecting laughter in the fading light.
A rusted key, a worn-out glove,
Each piece a fragment of a life of love.

The scent of lavender, a distant hum,
A symphony of echoes yet to come.
Forgotten faces, whispered words untold,
Their stories etched in whispers, stories old.

And in the stillness, a soft refrain,
The echoes linger, a gentle pain.
Of laughter shared, and dreams that flew,
Echoes of forgotten things, forever true.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Writing on Water

The pen dips, a hesitant touch,
Upon the surface, smooth and bright,
A fleeting trace, a whispered clutch,
Then gone, dissolving into light.

Words dance and shimmer, fleeting grace,
Across the rippling, shifting scene,
A fragile script, a watery space,
Where thoughts and dreams in shadows lean.

Each syllable, a fragile boat,
That rides the waves, a transient gleam,
Before the tide, the wind, the note,
Are lost, a whispered, silent dream.

Yet, on the canvas of the deep,
Where waves and light in concert play,
The ink of memory will sleep,
And rise again, on another day.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Monument to Silence

In the hush of an ancient wood, where sunlight filters through the leaves,
Stands a monument, unyielding, carved in stone, a silent eaves.
No name adorns its weathered face, no inscription speaks of deeds,
Only the echoes of the wind, the rustling of the reeds.

It guards the secrets of the earth, the whispers of the past,
Of battles fought and battles lost, of dreams that never last.
A silent witness to the flow of time, the turning of the tide,
A testament to life and death, to love and to the void inside.

The birds sing softly in the boughs, a symphony serene,
But in the heart of the stone, a quietness is keen.
A monument to silence, a sanctuary of peace,
Where thoughts are free to wander, and troubled hearts find release.

For silence speaks a language that no word can ever say,
A language of the soul, that whispers through the day.
A monument to silence, a place of quiet grace,
Where weary souls find solace, and find their rightful place.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Between Forest and River

The sun bleeds gold through leaves, a tapestry of green,
Where ancient oaks stand guard, their branches intertwined,
A whispering symphony of wind, a world unseen,
Where shadows dance and secrets hide, in nature's heart enshrined.

The river flows, a ribbon bright, through mossy, sun-dappled stones,
Reflecting skies of azure hue, and whispering to unknown,
A constant pulse, a lifeblood strong, that nourishes and owns,
This realm where stillness holds its breath, beneath the willow's groans.

The air is thick with earthy scents, of dampened soil and wood,
Where birdsong fills the morning air, a vibrant, joyful brood,
And dragonflies with iridescent wings, in sunlight's dance are good,
Between the forest's emerald hush, and river's gentle mood.

The world is hushed, a sanctuary, where worries fade away,
Where time stands still, and all is calm, at the end of each long day,
A place of peace, of quiet grace, where soul can freely sway,
Between the forest's ancient heart, and river's watery way.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of the Unknown Voyage

The salty air, a whisper on the breeze,
Carries tales of journeys, past the seas.
A phantom ship, on waves of silver spun,
A shadowed deck, beneath a setting sun.

The mast a ghost, against the fiery sky,
The sails a sigh, as night begins to fly.
No crew in sight, but voices in the wind,
Of laughter lost, and battles yet to win.

The ocean's breath, a mournful, surging cry,
Of souls that sailed, and met their destiny.
A haunting tune, upon the waves it plays,
A ballad sung, of voyages astray.

The unknown shore, where legends lie untold,
A journey's end, a mystery to behold.
The echoes fade, as dawn begins to break,
The unknown voyage, a whisper in the wake.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: A Trip to the Lawn Mower Museum 

The scent of oil and gasoline,
A symphony of whirring blades,
A history in metal, clean,
Of manicured lawns, tamed and made.

From hand-cranked beasts of bygone days,
To engines roaring, sleek and bold,
Each model tells a tale, a maze
Of progress, stories yet untold.

A cast-iron giant, sturdy and strong,
A relic from a simpler time,
Where men toiled, the day long,
To keep their green spaces, sublime.

Then whirring wonders, sleek and light,
With spinning blades of silver bright,
A revolution in the night,
Of lawns transformed, with power and might.

A child's delight, a curious stare,
At metal marvels, gleaming bright,
A journey through the years, we share,
At the Lawn Mower Museum, in the fading light.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Beneath the Surface of Words

Beneath the surface of words, where meaning lies,
A silent ocean, vast and deep, it sighs.
The words we speak, mere ripples on the tide,
A fleeting glimpse of what's concealed inside.

Like shells upon the shore, we gather them,
These words, these phrases, carefully we hem.
They hold a story, fragile and untold,
A tapestry of thoughts, both young and old.

But in the depths, where secrets softly swim,
A hidden world, a universe within.
Intentions tangled, emotions ebb and flow,
A silent symphony, unseen, yet we know.

The words we utter, mere reflections bright,
Of what is hidden, bathed in moonlit light.
So listen closely, beyond the spoken phrase,
For there, beneath the surface, wisdom plays.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Haunting of Curfew

The hour strikes twelve, a ghostly chime,
A shiver runs down my spine.
The wind sighs low, a mournful tune,
As shadows dance beneath the moon.

The house is still, yet filled with dread,
Whispers echo in my head.
A creaking floor, a rattling door,
My heart beats fast, I can't ignore.

The portraits stare with vacant eyes,
As memories rise, in spectral guise.
Forgotten laughter, whispered fears,
A haunting past, through passing years.

The clock ticks slow, a chilling pace,
As darkness claims the empty space.
A chill descends, a phantom's breath,
The haunting whispers, "Fear not death."

But as the dawn begins to break,
The shadows fade, the spell to break.
The house is quiet, peaceful now,
The haunting gone, I know not how.

Yet when the night descends again,
The haunting whispers, I can't explain.
The hour strikes twelve, a chilling sound,
The haunting of curfew, all around.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Spring's Lament

The world awakens, green and bright,
But in my heart, a winter's night.
The birdsong rings, a joyous call,
Yet echoes of a lonely fall.

The sunbeams dance on budding trees,
But shadows cling, a haunting breeze.
I see the flowers in their bloom,
But feel a barren, silent tomb.

For spring's rebirth, a bittersweet,
A promise made, a heart that bleeds.
The world forgets, a year ago,
The pain I held, the silent woe.

The air is sweet, the earth reborn,
But still I yearn, for what is gone.
A love that died, a hope that fled,
Spring's vibrant song, a mournful thread.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of Abandoned Streets

The cobblestones lie silent, cracked and cold,
Where once the rhythmic beat of life did unfold.
No children's laughter now, nor vendors' cries,
Just whispers of the past, beneath the skies.

The rusted signs, like sentinels they stand,
Their faded letters, ghosts upon the land.
A broken window pane, a shattered door,
A haunting silence that forevermore

Will linger in the air, a mournful sigh,
For memories that fade, and days gone by.
The echo of a horse-drawn carriage's tread,
The distant murmur of a lover's head,

Bent close to whisper, secrets in the night,
All lost to time, and swallowed by the light.
The wind weaves through the empty, crumbling walls,
A mournful dirge, as twilight softly falls.

And in the stillness, whispers on the breeze,
Of laughter, love, and sorrow, if you please.
The echoes of abandoned streets remain,
A haunting reminder of a life in vain.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Midnight's Intruder

The clock strikes twelve, a solemn chime,
A hush descends, a stolen time.
Through shadowed pane, a figure moves,
A silhouette, a ghostly groove.

The wind whispers secrets through the eaves,
A chilling breath, a phantom weaves
A tapestry of fear, unseen,
Where darkness reigns, a haunting scene.

A creaking floorboard, a sudden sound,
The intruder's presence, all around.
The heart beats faster, quick and loud,
As fear takes hold, a fearful shroud.

The moonbeams dance, a ghostly glow,
Revealing features, soft and slow.
A face, familiar, yet unknown,
A whispered name, a haunting moan.

The intruder's gaze, a piercing light,
A silent plea, a shadowed fright.
A whisper soft, a story told,
Of love lost, a tale unfold.

The dawn breaks through, the shadows fade,
The intruder's presence, now a shade.
But in the silence, whispers stay,
Of midnight's intruder, come to play.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Farewell of Ampersand

The ampersand, a symbol bold,
Of joining words, a story told,
Now fades away, a silent sigh,
As times have changed, and reason's tie
Has loosened from its ancient hold,
A mark of union, brave and old.

No longer needed, so they say,
In digital realms, where words hold sway,
The ampersand, a relic now,
Its power lost, its meaning low,
A simple "&", no longer grand,
Replaced by "and", a simple hand.

Yet, in my heart, it still remains,
A symbol of the bonds and chains
That bind us all, a love so deep,
A secret language, meant to keep
The whispers soft, the feelings true,
The ampersand, forever new.

For though it's gone from common sight,
Its spirit lives, both day and night,
A whisper soft, a gentle grace,
A reminder of its special place,
The ampersand, a memory bright,
A farewell, but never out of sight.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of a Fading Tune

The melody, a whisper, soft and low,
A phantom song from days of long ago.
A haunting strain, a memory reborn,
A bittersweet refrain, a love forlorn.

The notes, they dance on zephyrs light and cool,
A tender touch, a faded, fragile rule.
Through sunlit fields, where summer breezes blow,
The echoes drift, a whisper soft and low.

A phantom waltz, a moonlit, silver gleam,
A lover's sigh, a forgotten, cherished dream.
The music fades, a lingering, sweet refrain,
And leaves behind a whisper in the rain.

A fading tune, a melody so dear,
A timeless echo, whispered in the ear.
A mournful sigh, a memory of what was,
A fading echo, lost in silent dust.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Apostrophe to Mortality

Oh, Death, you come to all, a silent thief,
Stealing away the breath, the pulse, the grief.
You claim the young, the old, the strong, the frail,
Leaving behind a void, a mournful wail.

I see you in the fading of the light,
The setting sun, the moon's ethereal flight.
I hear you in the rustling leaves that fall,
The whispered secrets of the autumn's call.

I feel you in the chill of winter's breath,
The icy grip of time, the fear of death.
I taste you in the bitterness of tears,
The finality of life, the passing years.

But oh, Mortality, you are not all despair,
You are the end, but also a new air.
You are the cycle, the eternal flow,
The promise of rebirth, the seeds we sow.

So come, embrace me, Death, with gentle hand,
And lead me to the unknown, a promised land.
For in your arms, I find a peace profound,
A final resting place, on hallowed ground.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Shades of Survival

In the heart of the city, where shadows convene,
Lives a tapestry woven, unseen.
From concrete and steel, a story unfurls,
Of resilience and strength, in this concrete world.

A symphony of struggles, a silent ballet,
Where hope dances with fear, each and every day.
Each soul a survivor, etched with scars untold,
Their whispers of triumph, a story to unfold.

A mother's love burning, a father's resolve,
A child's innocent gaze, a future they solve.
They navigate hardship, with courage as their guide,
Through alleyways of darkness, they bravely stride.

In the glimmer of dawn, a new day appears,
A chance to rebuild, amidst fading fears.
Their shadows lengthen, with each passing hour,
Yet their spirit remains, a defiant flower.

For within these shades, a vibrant life thrives,
A testament to strength, as each survivor survives.
In the tapestry of the city, their story is spun,
A testament to humanity, forever begun.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Fragments of Friendship

Laughter echoing in sun-drenched halls,
Whispers shared in moonlit, silent calls.
A tapestry woven, threads of trust and care,
Memories we keep, a treasure beyond compare.

Time, a sculptor, chiseling with its hand,
Leaving cracks and fissures, in this fragile, shifting sand.
Distances arise, like mountains in the night,
But within these fragments, embers still burn bright.

A whispered name, a shared glance across the years,
A flood of memories, conquering doubts and fears.
For though paths may diverge, and lives may change their course,
The heart remembers, and finds solace in its source.

So hold these fragments, precious and true,
A testament to a bond, forever me and you.
For in the tapestry of life, where threads may fray and fade,
Friendship's legacy, in our hearts, will never be betrayed.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Whispers of Spring and Shadows of Time

The air is cool, the earth awakes,
From winter's sleep, the green it takes.
A gentle breeze, a whispered sigh,
Of new beginnings, reaching high.

But on the ground, the shadows lie,
Of seasons past, and days gone by.
The whispering trees, a haunting sound,
Of memories lost, and lives unbound.

The tender buds, on branches bare,
Hold hope and promise, beyond compare.
Yet in the shadows, etched in stone,
The fleeting moments, all alone.

The whispers rise, on wings of light,
Of futures bright, and futures bright.
But in the shadows, we see the cost,
Of what we've lost, and what we've lost.

So let us walk, with open eyes,
Between the whispers, and the lies.
For spring's rebirth, and time's decay,
Are woven threads, in life's display.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Alchemy of Life

In the crucible of time, we toil and strive,
A constant dance between the living and the dead.
From dust we rise, with hopes and dreams alive,
And in the end, to dust, we shall be shed.

But life, a potent elixir, bittersweet,
Transmutes our pain to wisdom, tears to grace.
Each heart a furnace, where passions meet,
And forge a soul, in time and space.

From darkness, light emerges, fragile, bright,
Like fireflies in the night, a fleeting gleam.
We search for meaning, in the fading light,
A tapestry of moments, woven in a dream.

Through laughter, tears, and love's enduring flame,
We learn the secrets of this ancient art.
The alchemy of life, a wondrous game,
Where every breath, a masterpiece of heart.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The White Rose of Scotland, a bloom of the North,
A symbol of hope, a legend reborn.
From ancient lineage, a lineage bold,
Its petals unfold, a story untold.

A crown of white thorns, a banner of might,
A warrior's heart, burning ever so bright.
Through centuries of struggle, its beauty remains,
A beacon of courage, through trials and pains.

On battlefields fought, and on windswept shores,
The White Rose of Scotland, forever endures.
A whisper of freedom, a promise of grace,
A legacy etched on every noble face.

From heather-clad mountains, to valleys so green,
Its spirit is woven, in every scene.
A symbol of strength, a symbol of pride,
The White Rose of Scotland, forever will abide.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Unquenchable Depths

Beneath the surface, a silent call,
Where shadows dance and secrets sprawl.
A world unseen, a hidden space,
Where whispers echo, time and place
Are lost in depths, a watery tomb,
Where secrets bloom, in endless gloom.

A yearning heart, a restless soul,
Driven by a force, beyond control.
To dive below, to pierce the veil,
To find the truth, that will prevail.
The ocean's depths, a siren's song,
Where mysteries linger, all night long.

A hidden beauty, stark and cold,
A world untold, a story old.
Creatures strange, with eyes so bright,
Swim in the dark, with all their might.
The Unquenchable Depths, a siren's call,
Beckoning all, to rise and fall.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Elysian Silence

A hush descends, a blanket of white,
Where whispers fade and stars take flight.
No earthly sound, no human strife,
Only the peace of eternal life.

In fields of gold, where shadows sleep,
The sun-kissed meadows, secrets keep.
A gentle breeze, a silent sigh,
As time stands still beneath a sapphire sky.

No voices call, no birds in flight,
Just stillness reigns, bathed in soft light.
A tranquil realm, untouched by pain,
Where souls find solace, free from strain.

Elysian silence, a blessed state,
Where worries cease and fears abate.
A symphony of calm, a gentle hand,
Guiding us home to this promised land.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of the Unseen

Whispers carried on the wind,
Across the fields, where shadows blend,
Invisible threads, a silent hum,
Of lives unseen, forever numb.

The rustle of leaves, a gentle sigh,
A fleeting glimpse, then passing by,
A memory etched in fading light,
Of things unseen, both day and night.

A hollow laughter, soft and low,
A distant echo, in the afterglow,
Of laughter lost, in realms unknown,
Where shadows dance, and secrets groan.

The echo lingers, faint and thin,
A whisper of what might have been,
Of lives untamed, and dreams unfurled,
Lost in the echoes of the unseen world.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Candy and Courage

The world is a bitter, a sour, a sting
But held in my palm, a bright, sugary thing.
A candy, a sweetness, a burst of delight,
A moment of joy, in the darkest of night.

With courage I face, the fears in my soul,
The shadows that linger, and stories untold.
But one tiny morsel, so sweet and so bright,
Gives strength to my spirit, and fuels my inner light.

Like soldiers of sugar, they march in my hand,
To battle the worries, and conquer the land.
Of doubt and of sadness, of tears and of pain,
With sweetness and courage, I'll conquer again.

For every dark cloud, a rainbow will shine,
And in the sweet candy, a strength I'll find.
With courage and candy, I'll rise from the fall,
And face every challenge, and conquer them all.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: A Gentle Remonstrance

The world spins on, a restless tide,
Of whispers hushed and shouts denied.
We chase the sun, a fleeting grace,
And leave behind a hollow space.

In hurried steps and frantic breath,
We lose the beauty, lose the death,
Of gentle moments, quiet sighs,
Where wisdom sleeps and truth resides.

Oh, turn your eyes, a moment's pause,
To feel the wind that gently draws
The leaves to dance, the birds to sing,
And let your soul, on silence cling.

For in the stillness, deep and true,
A whispered voice will speak to you,
A gentle voice, a soft reprimand,
To mend the world with open hand.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Ashes of Desire

The embers glow, a fading light,
Where passion burned so fierce and bright.
A whisper now, a fading sigh,
Of love that lived, then learned to die.

The embers cool, the ashes fall,
A bitter truth, a broken thrall.
The dreams we chased, the hopes we held,
Now shattered dreams, a story told.

But in the dust, a memory stirs,
A phantom touch, a glimpse of hers.
A fleeting warmth, a ghost of grace,
A whispered name, a vacant space.

The ashes fall, the embers fade,
But still, the heart, a debt unpaid.
For in the silence, shadows creep,
Where love's remains, forever sleep.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Grim Pursuit of Desire

A shadow stretches, long and thin,
Across the heart, a creeping sin.
Desire, a phantom, whispers low,
A siren song, a tempting glow.

It paints a picture, bright and bold,
Of treasures found, of stories told.
A promise whispered, sweet and deep,
A whispered vow, a secret sleep.

The mind, ensnared, begins to race,
To grasp the phantom, to embrace
The fleeting joy, the tempting lie,
A fleeting warmth, a tearful sigh.

But shadows linger, thick and dark,
A bitter truth, a piercing spark.
The price of pleasure, paid in pain,
A fleeting joy, a bitter stain.

For grim pursuit, a treacherous path,
Leads only to a hollow wrath.
A heart consumed, a broken soul,
Lost in the void, a gaping hole.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Silent Notes on a Brooklyn Morning

The city sleeps, a concrete slumber deep,
Yet whispers rise from streets, where dreams still keep.
A lone truck rumbles, a low, guttural hum,
As dawn's pale light creeps, chasing shadows numb.

On fire escapes, a symphony of rust,
Clotheslines sway gently, kissed by morning's dust.
A milkman's cart, a rhythmic, measured chime,
A lullaby of labor, marking passing time.

From windows high, a single, haunting note,
A saxophone's lament, a soulful, heartfelt quote.
A mother's hum, a child's contented sigh,
The city wakes, beneath a morning sky.

The coffee shop's aroma, a fragrant, warm embrace,
As weary souls convene, in this urban space.
A silent note, a shared, unspoken plea,
For hope and strength, in Brooklyn's symphony.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of a Vermont Summer

The air, a cool caress, whispers of pine,
And sun-warmed earth where berries intertwine.
A symphony of crickets, a gentle hum,
As twilight falls, the fireflies begin to come.

Green mountains rise, majestic and bold,
Their emerald slopes a story to be told.
Of granite cliffs and rushing streams so clear,
Where shadows dance and sunlight holds no fear.

The scent of maple syrup, sweet and strong,
Carries on the breeze, a summer's song.
And laughter echoes, vibrant and bright,
Beneath the stars, as day surrenders to night.

In meadows lush, where wildflowers bloom,
The summer's magic lingers, chasing gloom.
A memory painted, vivid and bold,
Echoes of a Vermont summer, a story to be told.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Symphony of Negation

A silence so profound, it speaks in shades of gray,
A canvas painted black, where light dares not to play.
The orchestra of doubt, each note a heavy sigh,
A mournful melody, where hope begins to die.

The strings of fear, they tremble with a chilling grace,
A dissonance of sorrow, echoing through space.
The brass of bitterness, a harsh and bitter tune,
A dirge of lost illusions, played beneath the moon.

The drums of desolation, a thunderous refrain,
A rhythmic beat of anguish, a constant, piercing pain.
The woodwinds whisper tales of what could never be,
A lament for shattered dreams, a symphony of "nee."

The conductor, despair, with eyes that burn like coal,
He leads the orchestra, towards a hollow goal.
Each note a whispered "no," a chorus of the void,
A symphony of negation, where nothing is enjoyed.

But in the silence, listen, a faint and distant sound,
A whisper of resistance, where hope can still be found.
A single, fragile note, a spark within the night,
A challenge to the darkness, a glimmer of pure light.

For even in the depths, where shadows twist and turn,
The power to negate, can also help to learn.
To rise above the darkness, to find the strength to say,
"I choose to live, to love, to fight another day."
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Fragments of Becoming

The echoes of a thousand yesterdays,
Whispering in the rustle of the leaves,
A symphony of memories, half-played,
As life unfurls, and hope believes.

A child's laughter, carried on the breeze,
A lover's touch, a whispered, secret vow,
The bittersweet ache of time's decrees,
As fragile dreams begin to bow.

Through shattered glass, a glimpse of what might be,
A kaleidoscope of shattered, fractured light,
A mosaic of moments, eternally,
Etched in the depths of fading sight.

The tapestry of life, in constant flux,
A constant dance of endings and of starts,
Each fragment, woven in a woven crux,
As destiny unfolds, and breaks our hearts.

For in the shards, we find our truest self,
A mosaic of experiences, pain and bliss,
The remnants of a journey, on the shelf,
A fragmented portrait, of life's endless kiss.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Indifference of Seasons

The leaves turn, a tapestry of gold,
But the wind whispers tales of a story untold.
Of summers past, a fleeting dream,
And winters cold, a frozen, silent scream. 

Spring bursts forth, a vibrant green,
But beneath the surface, a longing unseen.
For warmth and light, a fleeting embrace,
As the seasons turn, leaving no trace.

Autumn's chill, a somber hue,
A reminder of the fleeting, the old, the true.
The days grow short, the shadows grow long,
As nature's cycle carries on its song.

Winter's sleep, a peaceful rest,
A time for reflection, a time to be blessed.
The world is hushed, the air is still,
A quiet pause, a moment to fulfill. 

But through it all, a constant refrain,
The indifference of seasons, a never-ending pain.
For life goes on, in its relentless stride,
And the seasons turn, leaving love and loss behind.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Shadows of Winter and War

The frost creeps in, a silent thief,
stealing warmth from hearth and leaf.
A chilling wind, a mournful sigh,
Whispers tales of winters gone by. 

The sun, a distant, pale-faced king,
Offers no solace, no warmth to bring.
A sky of lead, a canvas bleak,
Reflects the sorrow, the pain we seek.

For war has come, a storm of steel,
Leaving wounds that never heal.
The echoes of battle, a haunting cry,
Where shadows dance and hope must die.

But in the dark, a flicker bright,
A candle flame, a beacon of light.
A whispered prayer, a gentle hand,
A love that binds, a strength to withstand.

For even winter's icy grip,
Cannot extinguish hope's burning slip.
Though shadows dance, and war rages on,
Love's ember glows, till dawn has come.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The wind whispers secrets through the rustling leaves,
A symphony of nature, a melody that weaves
Through ancient branches, reaching for the sky,
Where clouds like cotton candy drift on by.
The sun, a golden orb, paints the world in light,
A gentle warmth that chases away the night.
And in this peaceful haven, where time stands still,
A quiet joy, a sense of wonder, fills
The heart with peace, a solace for the soul,
A tapestry of beauty, making us whole.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Gaze Toward the Unseen

The world we see, a canvas bright,
A tapestry of day and night,
But beyond the veil, a hidden space,
Where whispers echo, secrets trace.

The unseen hand, a guiding force,
The unseen heart, an inner source,
The unseen dreams, that shape our soul,
A mystery, beyond control.

Through misty veils, we glimpse a gleam,
A silent whisper, a fleeting dream,
The unseen world, a vast unknown,
A realm where magic is sown.

So let your gaze, beyond the known,
Seek the whispers, softly sown,
For in the unseen, a truth unfolds,
A story whispered, yet untold.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Lost in the Wilderness of Us

We built our home in a tangled wood,
Of whispered secrets and tangled moods.
Trees of doubt, with branches bare,
And thorns of silence, piercing the air.

We wandered in, hand in hand,
Lost in the maze, a foreign land.
Each step we took, a path unknown,
Through shadows deep, where love had flown.

The sun, a memory, long since passed,
As we stumbled on, a love that wouldn't last.
The leaves whispered tales of what we'd lost,
The echoes of laughter, now a mournful frost.

We sought a haven, a safe embrace,
But found only shadows, in this hollowed space.
Lost in the wilderness of what we thought we knew,
We were strangers now, me and you.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Whispers of Reunion

Across the years, a bridge unseen,
Built of memories, soft and keen.
A longing whispers in the breeze,
For faces etched in fading trees.

The echo of laughter, light and free,
A shared embrace, a symphony
Of moments lost, and moments found,
In whispered promises, profound.

A path unfolds, a winding way,
To where familiar pathways lay.
The heart remembers, beats anew,
Whispers of reunion, soft and true.

The tapestry of time unfurled,
A love reborn, a precious world.
In stolen glances, souls ignite,
Whispers of reunion, shining bright.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Shadows of Anahita

In the heart of the desert, where sands whisper low,
Lies a temple of whispers, where ancient winds blow.
Anahita, the goddess, of waters so bright,
Her shadow lingers, a beacon of light.

Carved in stone, her image, a celestial grace,
With flowing robes, and a smile on her face.
She guards the oasis, where life takes its hold,
Her presence a promise, a story untold.

The sun beats down, casting shadows so deep,
Where serpents of legend, in silence do sleep.
But Anahita's spirit, forever entwined,
With the whispers of wind, and the secrets they find.

The moon casts its glow, on the desert's expanse,
And Anahita's shadow, begins its slow dance.
It dances with stars, and the tales they impart,
Of a goddess's love, and a beating heart.

So walk with the shadows, in this mystical place,
Where Anahita's spirit, leaves a timeless embrace.
For in the stillness, her whispers you'll hear,
A story of power, and of love, drawing near.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of a Summer Drive

Sun-drenched asphalt, a ribbon unfurled,
Wind whipping through hair, a symphony of the world.
Radio hums, a nostalgic tune,
As we chase the setting sun, a summer afternoon.

Fields of gold, a canvas painted bright,
With clouds like cotton candy, a celestial delight.
Trees stand tall, their shadows stretching long,
Whispering secrets as the hours go by, a sweet, familiar song.

The scent of pine, a sweet, earthy embrace,
The taste of freedom, a smile on every face.
Memories etched in the warmth of the sun,
A summer drive, a journey begun.

Now the road stretches ahead, a path unknown,
But echoes of that summer day, in my heart, they're still grown.
The wind in my hair, the sun on my skin,
A reminder of the journey, where life truly begins.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Phantom Ledger's Waltz

In shadowed halls, where secrets sleep,
A ledger whispers, secrets deep.
With parchment pages, worn and old,
A ghostly waltz, a tale unfolds.

The ink, it bleeds, a spectral hue,
Of fortunes lost, and dreams untrue.
Each entry whispers, soft and low,
Of lives that danced, and lives that flow.

A waltz of wealth, of joy, and pain,
A symphony of greed, a whispered strain.
The phantom ledger, it spins and twirls,
A ghostly dance, through darkened worlds.

Through gilded cages, wealth amassed,
The ledger's waltz, a haunting blast.
Of shattered dreams, and broken trust,
A mournful echo, turning to dust.

The phantom ledger, it fades away,
Leaving behind, a chilling sway.
A whispered waltz, a haunting sound,
In shadowed halls, forever bound.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Wonders of a Humble Monday

The sun, a cautious eye, peeks through the blinds,
A new week's promise, in its golden light it finds.
The city stirs, a sleepy giant awakes,
With coffee's aroma, the morning breaks.

A sparrow sings, a cheerful melody,
On rooftops gray, a symphony of glee.
A bus, a canvas, painted with faces,
All rushing onward, to their daily places.

The paper rustles, news both good and grim,
A world in motion, on the edge of the brim.
A baker's oven, with its warm embrace,
Fills the air with scent, of bread and grace.

A child's laughter, echoing in the street,
A simple joy, a life complete.
And in the quiet, of a moment's pause,
A beauty found, in life's simple laws.

So let us find, in this humble day,
The wonders hidden, along the way.
For even Monday, with its tasks and toil,
Holds magic moments, worth a happy smile.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of Runaway Dreams

The whispers of what might have been,
A melody, bittersweet, a mournful keen.
Across the years, the echoes fade,
Of dreams unfurled, and choices made.

A tapestry of paths not taken,
In twilight's hush, the longing aken.
A yearning heart, a restless soul,
Haunted by visions, taking their toll.

The echo of laughter, a distant refrain,
Of youthful ambition, dashed by the rain.
A love unrequited, a dream unfulfilled,
In silent chambers, their memories instilled.

But through the echoes, a truth unfolds,
A journey of lessons, stories untold.
For even in the shadows, where dreams have strayed,
A glimmer of hope, a new path is laid.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Breath of Remembrance

The air, a tapestry of whispers past,
Where echoes of laughter and tears amass.
Each inhale, a memory reborn,
A fleeting scent of a love forlorn.

The breeze carries whispers of faces long gone,
Their voices, a melody, soft and withdrawn.
In the rustle of leaves, their laughter does chime,
A symphony of memories, lost to time.

A fragile thread, woven through the years,
Connecting the present to joys and fears.
Each breath a reminder, a bittersweet sigh,
Of moments lived, and the dreams that fly.

The wind whispers secrets, of lives once bright,
And paints a canvas of shadows and light.
The breath of remembrance, a bittersweet art,
Holding the past, close to the heart.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Silent Serenade of Love

A symphony of heartbeats, soft and slow,
A tender whisper, where no words can flow.
The moonbeams dance upon your sleeping face,
A silent serenade, a love's embrace.

No voice to sing, no melody to play,
But in your dreams, a love song finds its way.
A gentle breeze, a whispering sigh,
A silent promise, as stars drift by.

The world asleep, yet my heart beats on,
A serenade of love, until the dawn.
A love untold, a feeling deep and true,
A silent serenade, whispered just for you.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of Valor

In the hush of the battlefield, where shadows dance and die,
Whispers rise, a symphony of courage in the sky.
Echoes of valor, borne on the wind's soft sigh,
Of heroes lost, their memory forever in the eye.

A soldier's breath, a lover's tear, a mother's silent plea,
All woven in the tapestry of battles fought and free.
Each fallen warrior's soul, a star that burns on high,
Reflecting in the moonlit dew, where dreams of victory lie.

The clang of steel, the drum's fierce beat, the battle cry's refrain,
Relive the moments etched in time, through ages, joy, and pain.
A warrior's heart, unyielding, a spirit bold and true,
Echoes of valor whisper, "We will fight, and we will do."

For in the silence of the night, when stars their vigil keep,
The echoes of valor rise, and slumbering souls they weep.
A testament to sacrifice, a legacy of might,
In every heart that beats, the echoes burn so bright.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of Solitude

The wind whispers secrets through the barren trees,
A mournful symphony of rustling leaves,
Where shadows dance and silence softly breathes,
A tapestry of solitude, the heart believes.

The sun descends, a fiery, dying light,
Casting long, despairing fingers on the night,
And echoes of the past, both dark and bright,
Haunt the empty spaces, in the fading light.

A lone bird sings, a plaintive, lonely song,
Its melody, a testament to being wrong,
A haunting call, that lingers all night long,
An echo of a love, forever gone.

The moon, a silver crescent in the sky,
Reflects the loneliness that can't be denied,
A shimmering tear, in the cold, dark night,
A poignant echo, of lost delight.

And still the wind whispers, soft and low,
A lullaby of sorrow, to and fro,
A gentle reminder, that solitude can grow,
Into a garden where the lonely heart can sow.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of a Solitary Youth

The wind whispers secrets through the trees,
A symphony of rustling leaves,
A melody of solitude, it seems,
Where a lonely heart forever grieves.

A child, with eyes that held the sky,
A spirit yearning to take flight,
But bound by shadows, forced to lie,
In the quiet depths of lonely night.

The echoes of laughter, faint and low,
From days of innocence, now gone,
A whispered dream, a memory's glow,
A longing for a brighter dawn.

The solitude, a heavy cloak,
That draped upon a fragile soul,
A tapestry of shadows, it bespoke,
A story etched in silent scroll.

The whispers turn to mournful cries,
As echoes fade, and shadows creep,
A solitary soul, beneath the skies,
Where only dreams and memories sleep.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Weight of Quantities

The weight of quantities, a burden unseen,
A silent pressure, on the mind's machine.
Numbers dance, a dizzying array,
While reason struggles, to find its way.

A thousand words, a million thoughts,
A universe of data, in which the mind is caught.
Too much to process, too much to know,
The weight of quantities, begins to grow.

The world contracts, to a narrow space,
Where numbers reign, with an iron grace.
The beauty fades, of the world outside,
Replaced by figures, that cannot hide.

But hope remains, a flicker in the night,
That reason may prevail, and bring back the light.
The weight of quantities, may be a test,
But we can choose, to be our own best.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Heart's Resolve

A heart of fire, a will of steel,
Against the tide, I stand and feel
The wind of doubt, the waves of fear,
But I will rise, I will be clear.

Though shadows fall, and storms may rage,
My spirit burns, on life's wide stage,
A flicker bright, a guiding light,
To pierce the darkness, day and night.

With every beat, my purpose rings,
A symphony of strength, it sings,
Through trials faced, and battles won,
My resolve is set, the race is run.

For in my heart, a fire lies,
That burns with passion, never dies,
A testament to strength untold,
My heart's resolve, a story bold.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Whispers of Stone and Shadow

In the hush of twilight's embrace,
Where ancient stones stand, timeworn and gray,
Whispers of secrets, a haunting space,
Echoing stories from a bygone day.

The shadows lengthen, a spectral dance,
Across the weathered, moss-covered wall,
Whispers of legends, a cryptic trance,
As the moon's soft light begins to fall.

Through crumbling arches, a ghostly sigh,
Carries whispers of battles long ago,
Of heroes fallen, and lovers' cry,
And tales of sorrow, whispered low.

The stones they hold, in their heart of stone,
The echoes of laughter, and the sting of pain,
Whispers of futures, yet to be known,
A haunting melody, an endless refrain. 

So listen close, to the whispers' call,
In the twilight's hush, where shadows play,
For the stones they hold, secrets for all,
In the whispers of stone and shadow's sway.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Courage to Wander

The call of the wild, a whisper in the breeze,
A yearning for adventure, a restless unease.
To leave the known behind, the familiar shore,
And walk into the unknown, forevermore.

A map unfurled, a compass in hand,
A path less traveled, a foreign land.
To climb the mountains, where eagles soar,
To navigate the valleys, and explore.

The fear may whisper, a voice in the dark,
But courage rises, like a blazing spark.
For in the journey, the soul takes flight,
Embracing the unknown, with all its might.

Through sun-drenched meadows, and forests deep,
Where mysteries unfold, secrets to keep.
With every step, a new world is found,
A tapestry woven, rich and profound.

The courage to wander, a gift to embrace,
To discover oneself, in every space.
For in the unknown, the true self resides,
A spirit unbound, where freedom abides.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Awakening Between Worlds

The world that sleeps, a silent, dreaming guise,
Where shadows dance and whisper secrets old,
The moon, a silver eye, watches the skies,
As stars, like diamonds, their stories unfold.

And then, a shift, a tremor in the air,
A stirring, a sensation, deep and strange,
A waking, a remembering, a silent prayer,
To break the chains, the slumber to rearrange.

Between the worlds, a bridge begins to form,
Of light and mist, a pathway to the unknown,
Where dreams take flight and shadows cease to swarm,
And souls, awakened, stand no longer alone.

The veil is thin, the boundaries dissolve,
The world of slumber, now begins to fade,
As consciousness, a fire, burns and evolves,
To embrace the light, the truth, the love, unafraid. 

For in this space, between the realms we dwell,
We find our essence, our true, hidden self,
And rise above the darkness, breaking the spell,
To walk the path of light, and heal the world's grief.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of Fragile Generations

The whispers of time, a gentle caress,
On weathered faces, etched with duress.
A symphony of stories, soft and low,
Of dreams once cherished, now in the glow
Of memory's embers, flickering bright,
Against the canvas of a fading night.

From fragile hands, passed down the thread,
Of tales untold, of lives misled.
Generations tethered, a fragile chain,
Bearing the weight of joy and pain.
In whispered secrets, and tearful sighs,
A legacy unfolds before our eyes.

Each heart a vessel, filled with the past,
Echoes of moments, forever to last.
Like fragile shells, upon a distant shore,
Holding the whispers of what was before.
We listen intently, with hearts aflame,
To echoes of courage, etched in their name.

For in their fragility, we find our own,
A tapestry woven, where seeds are sown.
From broken promises, and love's embrace,
We find our strength, in this fragile space.
Echoes of generations, forever entwined,
A legacy of spirit, for all mankind.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Whispers in the Twilight Market

The sun descends, a fiery blush,
On cobbled streets where shadows rush.
A market wakes, a vibrant hum,
Where merchants call, their voices numb.

A tapestry of scents and sights,
From spiced pilafs to lantern lights.
Silk and spices, gems and gold,
Stories whispered, secrets told.

A silver moon, a watchful eye,
On traders' deals, a silent cry.
Bargaining whispers, low and sweet,
In alleys dim, where shadows meet.

A dancer's twirl, a haunting tune,
As twilight fades, a crescent moon.
Whispers fade, the market sleeps,
And dreams of treasures, secrets keep.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Gathering of Words

In the twilight's embrace, where shadows dance,
Words gather, a silent, ethereal trance.
From whispers of wind to the ocean's roar,
They converge, a symphony, forevermore.

On parchment and page, they find their home,
A tapestry woven, where thoughts roam.
Each syllable a brushstroke, bold and bright,
Painting landscapes of joy, sorrow, and light.

Like stars in the night, they glimmer and gleam,
Each word a beacon, fulfilling a dream.
They weave tales of wonder, of love and despair,
And echo the whispers of secrets we share.

In the heart of the poet, they find their birth,
A symphony of emotions, poured forth.
They speak of the beauty, the pain, and the strife,
A reflection of life, in the tapestry of life.

So gather, dear words, in your silent embrace,
Unleash your magic, in time and in space.
For in your embrace, stories unfold,
And the tapestry of language, forever we behold.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of Innocence

The laughter of children, a distant refrain,
A melody fading in summer's soft rain.
Barefoot on grass, a tapestry green,
Where worries were fleeting, a world unseen.

Sunbeams on faces, a smile pure and bright,
A innocence lost, swallowed by night.
The world's harsh embrace, a bitter sting,
Leaving only memories, a fragile thing.

But still, in the echoes, a whisper so clear,
Of days long gone, a time held so dear.
A longing for freedom, a spirit untamed,
A heart unburdened, a soul unreclaimed.

Echoes of innocence, a fleeting delight,
A reminder of wonder, in the fading light.
A promise of hope, in the depths of despair,
That the spirit of childhood, will forever be there.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Islands of Love and Change

Across the sea of time, we drift,
On islands built of fleeting gifts,
Where passion's flames, with fervent grace,
Light up the shores of each embrace.

But tides of change, relentless flow,
They ebb and surge, both high and low,
Carving the sands, reshaping shores,
Where love once bloomed, now memory roars.

The islands shift, their forms anew,
With every storm, a different hue,
The land we knew, a fading trace,
Lost in the depths of time and space.

Yet, through the change, the heart retains,
The echoes of the love that reigns,
A memory etched, a constant guide,
In those forgotten islands, we abide.

For love and change, they dance as one,
A tapestry woven, never done,
On islands shifting, ever bright,
A timeless dance, in endless light.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Swamp of Silence

The air hangs heavy, thick and green,
A stillness reigns, unseen, unheard.
No breeze to stir the leaves, no bird,
To break the quiet, stark and keen.

Sun filters through the murky haze,
A dappled light on water still,
Where reeds stand sentinel, and will
Not move, though years upon them gaze.

The silence hums, a constant drone,
A symphony of unseen things,
Of ancient secrets, whispered, sings
A haunting song, a lonely moan.

No human foot has dared to tread,
This swamp of silence, dark and deep,
Where whispers from the ages sleep,
And secrets of the dead are spread.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Timeless Echoes of Love

The whispers of ages, a love song unheard,
Across centuries carried, a tender, sweet word.
In ancient stone carvings, in tapestries old,
A story unfolds, a tale to be told.

Of lovers entwined, beneath starlit skies,
Their hearts beating as one, a love that never dies.
A touch, a glance, a promise whispered low,
Echoes of passion, forever aglow.

Through wars and through famines, through triumphs and strife,
Their love, a beacon, illuminating life.
In whispers of wind, in the rustle of leaves,
A symphony plays, as nature weaves.

The echo resounds, a timeless refrain,
A testament to love, that conquers again.
Across generations, it whispers its song,
Of love's enduring power, forever strong.

So listen, my darling, to love's ancient plea,
For timeless echoes of love, are meant to be.
A symphony of passion, that time cannot erase,
A love story written, on every heart's face.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Unrevealed Core

Beneath the layers, the skin, the shell,
A secret symphony, a story to tell.
A heart of fire, a soul of might,
Hidden in shadows, cloaked in the night.

A universe within, a world unseen,
A tapestry of dreams, vibrant and keen.
The core, a mystery, an enigma to solve,
A silent whisper, a truth to evolve.

No map can guide, no compass can steer,
To the depths within, where secrets appear.
A journey inward, a quest for the soul,
To unveil the core, to make it whole.

The outer faade, a mask to conceal,
The inner fire, a passion to reveal.
A fortress of silence, a wall to defend,
The unrevealed core, a love without end.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Unruly Hunt

The hounds bay, a chorus wild and free,
Through tangled brush and ancient, gnarled oak tree.
A scent upon the wind, a phantom chase,
Across the dew-kissed fields, a fleeting trace.

The hunters, bold and eager, hearts alight,
With visions of a trophy, gleaming bright.
But nature's game, a whimsical decree,
Unveils a twist, a hidden mystery.

For in the depths, where shadows twist and turn,
A cunning beast, a spirit, born to burn.
With eyes of fire, and fur of midnight hue,
It dances, mocks the hunters, swift and true.

Through moonlit glades, and whispering, haunted wood,
The chase unfolds, a battle understood.
The hunters weary, their resolve undone,
As night descends, and shadows have their fun.

The hunt, a lesson, whispered on the breeze,
That freedom wild, cannot be tamed with ease.
The untamed soul, a force that will not yield,
A tale of triumph, in the untamed field.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of the Fallen

The wind whispers through the ancient trees,
Where heroes fell, their valiant deeds,
A symphony of rustling leaves,
A mournful song that softly bleeds.

The ghosts of warriors, strong and bold,
Their stories etched in time's cold hand,
Now silent shadows, stories told,
A legend whispered across the land.

The battlefield, a hallowed ground,
Where dreams were lost, and lives were spent,
In every whisper, a mournful sound,
A haunting echo, heaven-sent.

The echoes fade, but still they linger,
A reminder of the price we pay,
For freedom's fight, a solemn finger,
Pointing to the heroes, come what may.

The fallen rest, their spirits free,
In every breeze, their memory thrives,
Echoes of the fallen, eternally,
A testament to lives that strive.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes from the Wilderness

The wind whispers tales through ancient pines,
Of spirits lost and forgotten times.
A rustling leaf, a mournful sigh,
Where shadows dance and secrets lie.

Beneath the boughs, where mosses creep,
The earth remembers, secrets deep.
A fallen log, a weathered stone,
Mark paths forgotten, journeys flown.

The sun descends, a fiery blaze,
Casting long shadows in the haze.
The moon ascends, a silver eye,
Reflecting stars in the dark sky.

A wolf's lone howl, a mournful call,
Echoes through the wilderness, for all.
The heartbeat of the wild, untamed,
A symphony of nature, unreclaimed.

From silent depths, the echoes rise,
Whispers of wisdom, from the skies.
A timeless song, a haunting strain,
Echoes from the wilderness remain.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Honeyed Whispers

The sun dips low, a golden fire,
Casting shadows long and dire.
The air grows still, a velvet hush,
As twilight's breath begins to crush
The day's bright light, a gentle hand,
To lead us to a whispered land.

Where shadows dance and secrets bloom,
And fragrant air, a perfumed tomb,
Holds whispered words, a sweet refrain,
That lingers on, a honeyed pain.
These whispers speak of ancient lore,
Of lovers lost and battles sore,
Of dreams that fade, and hopes that burn,
A tragic tale, a lesson learned.

They wind their way, through tangled trees,
A soft caress, a gentle breeze,
That carries whispers on the air,
Of longing, love, and deep despair.
They weave their magic, soft and low,
Enticing hearts, to come and know,
The secrets held within the night,
A hidden truth, a whispered light. 

So close your eyes, and listen well,
For honeyed whispers, softly tell,
A story old, a tale untold,
In twilight's embrace, a heart unfolds.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Whispers of Silence

The world holds its breath, a hush descends,
A stillness so deep, it knows no ends.
The wind whispers low, a secret it keeps,
As leaves gently sway, in slumber so deep.

The sun sinks to rest, a fiery goodbye,
Casting long shadows, across the sky.
The moon ascends, a silver so bright,
Guiding the darkness, through the silent night.

In the quiet of dawn, a new day begins,
With whispers of promise, carried on the wind.
A world reborn, in silence it sleeps,
Whispers of hope, the future it keeps.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Whispers of Hope

The world is a symphony of sorrow,
A melody of pain, a rhythm of woe.
But amidst the darkness, a flicker of light,
A whisper of hope, a gentle, soft glow.

Through shattered dreams and broken hearts,
A voice speaks softly, a balm for the soul.
It tells of resilience, of love's gentle art,
And promises strength, making burdens less whole.

The wind carries whispers on silver-tipped wings,
Of dawn breaking through, of the joy that it brings.
It speaks of new beginnings, a chance to start anew,
To rise from the ashes, with strength ever true.

So listen closely, to the whispers of hope,
In the rustling of leaves, in the ocean's gentle scope.
For even in darkness, a glimmer of light,
Can guide you through shadows, and lead you to right.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Whispers of a Donkey Within

A stubborn heart, a patient soul,
A donkey's spirit takes its toll.
In quiet moments, deep inside,
A voice unfolds, a truth to hide.

The burden borne, the path well-worn,
A silent strength, a lesson torn.
From dusty fields to shadowed stalls,
He hears the whispers, answers calls.

A world unseen, a gentle nudge,
A knowing gaze, a quiet grudge.
The donkey's wisdom, deep and old,
A story whispered, yet untold.

He carries burdens, heavy weight,
But finds his solace in his fate.
For in the whispers, soft and low,
He finds a peace, a quiet glow.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Diamonds of Grief

The heart, a mine, where sorrow dwells,
And grief, a gem, in darkness swells.
Each tear a facet, cut so deep,
Reflecting pain, that will not sleep.

A thousand shards of broken trust,
Each one a diamond, turned to dust.
They glitter bright, with pain's sharp sting,
A cruel reminder, love's lost wing.

But through the darkness, light may gleam,
And from the ashes, hope may stream.
For diamonds, born in fire's embrace,
Can hold the promise, time and space.

So let the tears, like diamonds fall,
And in their brilliance, we recall,
The love we shared, the joy we knew,
And find the strength, to see it through.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Transmutation of Essence

The sun, a crucible of molten gold,
Burns through the heart of morning, bold.
A symphony of light, it breaks and spills,
Across the world, transforming hills.

The dew, a shimmering, crystal tear,
Transmuted by the sun, to vanish clear.
A whisper of the night, a silent sigh,
Gone in the warmth of dawn, it cannot lie.

And so it goes, with every breath,
A constant flux, a dance with death.
From darkness into light, and back again,
A ceaseless cycle, a perpetual strain.

The human soul, a vessel frail and bright,
Transmuted by the fires of day and night.
From joy to sorrow, love to hate, it flows,
A tapestry of change, that time bestows.

And yet, within the shifting sands of time,
A spark of essence, forever sublime.
A soul that burns, a spirit that endures,
A constant flame, that no darkness cures.

For in the crucible of life's embrace,
We find the truth, the essence of our grace.
Transmuted by the fires of love and pain,
We rise anew, to love and live again.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Celestial Dialogues: The Quest for Understanding

The stars whisper secrets in the velvet night,
A symphony of light, a cosmic sight.
The moon, a silent witness, hangs above,
Reflecting ancient truths, a timeless love.

We gaze upon the heavens, hearts aflame,
Yearning to decipher this celestial game.
With curious minds, we seek to comprehend,
The universe's grand design, its every bend.

From distant galaxies, a message rings,
A cosmic chorus, where wisdom sings.
The planets dance in orbits, swift and bold,
A celestial ballet, a story told.

Through telescopes, we pierce the cosmic veil,
Unveiling mysteries, secrets never fail.
Black holes, pulsars, nebulae so bright,
A cosmic tapestry, a breathtaking sight.

But still, we yearn for more, a deeper truth,
To understand the cosmos, its timeless youth.
The quest continues, through ages past,
To bridge the gap between the known and vast.

For in the celestial dialogues, we find,
A reflection of our own searching mind.
The universe, a mirror, vast and deep,
Reflecting back the mysteries we keep.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: From Turbans to Treasures

The silk of his turban, a midnight sky,
Embroidered with stars, a whispered sigh.
He held the world in his weathered hand,
A tale of empires, a shifting sand.

His eyes, like pools, reflected the sun,
On journeys taken, battles won.
Each crease upon his brow, a map,
Of victories tasted, love's sweet trap.

He spoke of deserts, where whispers flew,
Of cities lost, and dreams come true.
Of caravans laden, with spices rare,
And treasures hidden, beyond compare.

His voice, a song, with ancient grace,
Unveiled the secrets of time and space.
From turbaned heads to jeweled chests,
He poured his heart, a world's bequest.

Now silent whispers on desert wind,
His legacy echoes, a timeless friend.
From turban to treasure, a story told,
Of empires built, and hearts of gold.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Elegy for Miss Calamity

In a town where shadows danced and whispers flew,
Lived Miss Calamity, with eyes of darkest blue.
A woman of misfortune, a magnet for the strange,
Her life, a tapestry of woe, a constant, swirling change.

A storm cloud followed her, a constant, brooding hue,
Each step she took, a tremor, a bad omen true.
She tripped on cobblestones, her tea spilled with a sigh,
Her hat blew off, her umbrella, a teardrop in the sky.

But beneath the chaos, a gentle soul did dwell,
A kindness, a compassion, a whispered, silent spell.
She cared for stray cats, mended tattered dolls with grace,
And offered solace to the lost, a smile upon her face.

She never sought the spotlight, she shunned the public gaze,
Content to live her life, in shadows, through the haze.
But in the hearts she touched, a legacy she made,
A quiet, whispered kindness, a love that never faded.

Now Miss Calamity rests, the storm has passed away,
But in the town's soft whispers, her memory will stay.
A tale of tragedy and grace, a bittersweet refrain,
Of a woman known for chaos, who brought love in the rain.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Whispers of Beautiful Lies

The moon hangs heavy, a pearl in the night,
casting shadows that dance in the pale moonlight.
A breeze whispers secrets, soft and low,
stories spun from longing, a sweet, deceitful glow.

The words they weave are spun with silk and dew,
promises whispered,  a future bright and new.
They speak of love and laughter, hearts entwined,
a perfect world, a happiness we'll find.

But listen closer, the truth starts to bleed,
through the cracks in the whispers, a hidden seed.
Of longing and wanting, a yearning unfilled,
a fragile hope, a promise left unfulfilled.

The moon, it knows the truth, the bitter sting,
of dreams left shattered, the joy that love can bring.
It watches, silent, as shadows play their game,
whispers of beauty, a deceitful, whispered name.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Wings of Sound and Memory

The wind whispers tales of a life long past,
Through rustling leaves and branches that hold fast,
To memories etched in the bark of the tree,
Of songs sung by birds, wild and free.

A symphony of nature, a chorus so grand,
Echoes of laughter, a helping hand,
Whispers of love in a gentle breeze,
The rustling of leaves, a soul at ease.

The wings of sound, they carry us back,
To moments cherished, on a sun-drenched track,
To whispers of joy, and tears that fell,
To stories untold, a magic spell.

The memory lingers, a fragrant bloom,
In the depths of the heart, a silent room,
Where echoes of laughter, and whispers of pain,
Are held in the heart, like a gentle rain.

So listen to the wind, its song so clear,
For it carries the whispers of memories dear,
And let the wings of sound, gently unfold,
A story of life, both new and old.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Downward Journey

The path descends, a winding line,
Through shadowed woods and sunlit pine.
Each step I take, a whispered plea,
To find the truth that sets me free.

The air grows cold, the light grows dim,
A sense of dread begins to swim
Within my heart, a rising tide,
As secrets whispered, I can't hide.

Downward, ever downward, I must go,
To face the fears I long to know.
The depths below, a beckoning call,
To break the chains and stand up tall.

I reach the bottom, dark and deep,
Where truth resides, in silent sleep.
But as I gaze, I see a light,
A glimmering hope, shining bright.

For in the depths, I find my way,
To rise above the darkest day.
The downward journey, a path I tread,
To find myself, and leave the dead.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of Silence

In the hush of the night, where shadows dance,
And whispers of secrets, on the breeze trance,
There lies a silence, profound and deep,
Where thoughts unspoken, in slumber sleep.

The echoes of silence, a haunting refrain,
A symphony of stillness, a gentle rain,
Of moments suspended, in time's embrace,
A sanctuary of peace, in this sacred space.

The whispers of memories, soft and low,
In the echoes of silence, gently flow,
Of laughter and tears, of joys and pain,
A tapestry woven, in this silent terrain.

And as the night deepens, and stars ignite,
The echoes of silence, hold us tight,
In the embrace of stillness, we find release,
From the world's clamor, a moment of peace.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of Summer's Nostalgia

The sun-kissed fields, a golden haze,
Where laughter danced in summer days.
A symphony of cicada calls,
A gentle breeze, that softly falls.

Bare feet on grass, a youthful trace,
Of days gone by, a fleeting space.
The scent of honeysuckle sweet,
A memory, bittersweet.

A firefly's glow, a twinkling light,
Guiding dreams through summer's night.
The taste of ice cream, cold and bright,
A fleeting joy, a pure delight.

But autumn's chill, a gentle sigh,
Whispers of summer, bidding goodbye.
The golden leaves, a falling grace,
Echoes of summer, leave their trace.

In winter's hush, a longing deep,
For sun-kissed days, and dreams to keep.
A whisper soft, a gentle plea,
For summer's return, eternally.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of Lost Innocence

The swings creak softly, empty now,
Once laughter filled the playground's space.
A faded sun paints on the brow,
A memory of a smiling face.

The sandbox, barren, holds no trace,
Of castles built, of dreams that flew.
Only whispers in this silent place,
Of childhood joys, forever through.

The rusted slide, once bright and bold,
A silent witness to the years.
A tale of innocence, untold,
Now drowned in sorrow, lost in tears.

And as the wind sighs through the leaves,
A haunting echo softly calls.
Of vanished days, of golden sheaves,
A whisper of a life that falls.

The innocence, a fragile bloom,
Now withered, lost, and gone astray.
Leaving only echoes in the gloom,
Of days that faded, far away.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Eternal Currents

The river flows, a silver thread,
Through valleys green and mountains dread,
It whispers tales of ages past,
Of empires lost, and love that lasts.

The currents churn, a restless tide,
Where secrets deep are hidden wide,
Of ancient gods and heroes bold,
In stories whispered, yet untold.

The sun dips low, a fiery hue,
Reflects upon the waters blue,
And stars emerge, a diamond spray,
To light the river's lonely way.

But ever onward, strong and true,
The currents flow, forever new,
A timeless dance, a mystic song,
Where dreams and memories belong.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of Elegance

A whisper of silk, a rustle of lace,
A memory lingers, a timeless embrace.
In grand halls adorned, where chandeliers gleam,
Echoes of elegance, a forgotten dream.

A waltz in the moonlight, a delicate sway,
A whisper of laughter, a joyous display.
Gowns of velvet, adorned with a gleam,
Echoes of elegance, a forgotten dream.

A stroke of a brush, a masterpiece born,
A portrait of beauty, a timeless form.
The artist's touch, a whisper of grace,
Echoes of elegance, a timeless space.

A gentle piano, a melody soft,
A symphony of sounds, a love aloft.
In echoes of music, a timeless refrain,
Echoes of elegance, forever in vain.

But in the quiet moments, a memory's embrace,
A flicker of beauty, in a forgotten space.
Echoes of elegance, a whisper of grace,
Forever enshrined, in time and in space.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Blackbird's Anthem

A velvet cloak of midnight hues,
He sings his song, a melody of blues.
From branches high, a mournful tune,
A symphony of shadows, born of noon.

He weaves a tale of love and loss,
Of sunlit days and frosted frost,
A bittersweet refrain, a haunting plea,
A testament to life's fragility.

His voice, a whisper on the breeze,
Carries the echoes of forgotten trees,
A poignant echo of a bygone age,
A haunting anthem on a silent stage.

The world stands still, entranced and hushed,
As the blackbird's anthem fills the dusk,
A somber song, a poignant plea,
A requiem for what used to be.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Joy of a Dirty Face

A smear of chocolate, a smudge of mud,
A canvas of laughter, wild and good.
No need for mirrors, no need for pride,
Just freedom and joy, side by side.

A cheek smeared with berries, a nose dusted with flour,
A testament to play, in this magical hour.
The world is a playground, a messy delight,
Where every adventure, makes everything bright.

Forget the soap, the water, the towel,
Let the dirt tell a story, brave and bold.
For a dirty face, is a happy face,
A reminder of joy, in this wondrous space.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Whispers of the Fog

The mist rolls in, a silent tide,
Across the moor, where shadows hide.
It wraps the world in ghostly white,
And whispers tales of darkest night.

The wind, a sigh, a mournful moan,
Through skeletal trees, it seeks its own.
The ancient stones, with moss entwined,
Hold secrets in their forms, enshrined.

The moon, a silver, ghostly eye,
Peers down upon the land, so nigh.
And whispers rise, on unseen wings,
Of forgotten things, and haunting sings.

A child's lost laughter, faint and low,
A lover's plea, a lover's woe.
The fog, a veil, conceals the truth,
Of love, of loss, of age, of youth.

And as the mist begins to fade,
A memory lingers, unafraid.
The whispers fade, but still they stay,
In every breath, in every day.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Reverie by the River Wye

The willows weep, a mournful sigh,
As silver threads of sunlight lie
Upon the water, cool and deep,
Where drowsy fish in shadows sleep.

The river flows, a murmuring sound,
A gentle lullaby profound,
That whispers tales of days gone by,
Of love and loss beneath the sky.

A kingfisher flashes, bright and bold,
Then disappears in green and gold,
A fleeting glimpse of feathered grace,
A memory in this tranquil space.

The sun descends, a golden hue,
Casting long shadows, soft and new,
And as the stars begin to gleam,
I dream of things beyond this stream.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Bitter Harvest

The earth, once fertile, now a barren plain,
Where withered stalks bear witness to the pain.
A harvest stolen, dreams left to decay,
A bitter truth that lingers every day.

The sun, once golden, now a scorching glare,
A cruel reminder of a life laid bare.
The wind, once gentle, now a mournful sigh,
Whispering secrets of a future nigh.

The hands that labored, calloused and worn,
Now empty, aching, with hope forlorn.
The sweat and tears, a futile, wasted cost,
A bitter harvest, forever lost.

The seeds of promise, sown with love and care,
Now withered husks, beyond repair.
A silent echo of a life denied,
The bitter harvest, where hope has died.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of a Forgotten Haven

Whispers of wind through ancient trees,
Where sunlight dappled through the leaves,
A haven once, a peaceful place,
Now shrouded in time's embrace.

The moss-grown stones, a silent plea,
For memories lost, for what used to be,
A whispered song on the breeze so light,
Of laughter, love, and moonlit night.

The ruins stand, a ghostly guide,
To stories untold, where dreams reside,
A forgotten haven, lost to time,
A whisper of beauty, a faded rhyme.

But in the silence, a voice remains,
Echoes of joy, and whispered strains,
A testament to what once was there,
A haven of peace, beyond compare.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Celestial Fires and Humble Lines

The stars ignite, a canvas vast,
With fires of gold, their brilliance cast.
A symphony of light, they dance and sway,
In silent grandeur, night and day.

While here on Earth, I pen my rhyme,
With words that struggle, one at a time.
My humble lines, a fragile flame,
Against the cosmic blaze, I aim.

But in the darkness, when all is still,
A flicker, a connection, a shared thrill.
The fire within, it finds its way,
To touch the stars, and light the day.

For in this vastness, where wonders reside,
My humble verse, with stars, I confide.
A testament to life, and its embrace,
Celestial fires, and my humble space.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The whispers of the wind, a symphony of sighs,
Through rustling leaves, a secret story flies.
The sun descends, a golden, fiery kiss,
Upon the earth, a moment's fleeting bliss.
And as the moon ascends, a silver, watchful eye,
The world is hushed, beneath a velvet sky.
A tapestry of stars, in infinite array,
A silent, cosmic dance, until the break of day.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of a Forgotten Journey

Dust motes dance in sunbeams, long and thin,
Across a room where memories once did spin.
A faded tapestry, once bright and bold,
Now whispers tales of journeys yet untold.

A weathered map, its edges frayed and worn,
Marks paths forgotten, a path long since forlorn.
Each creased line, a whisper in the air,
Of distant lands and stories to repair.

The scent of cedar, a lingering embrace,
Of voyages embarked, a distant, fading grace.
A ship's worn compass, pointing to the past,
Where dreams were whispered, moments meant to last.

A weathered journal, its pages filled with rhyme,
Of sunsets seen, and stars that shone sublime.
Each faded ink, a note of time's slow flight,
A testament to journeys bathed in light.

Now shadows lengthen, as the day grows dim,
And whispers echo of a world within.
A journey's end, a final, silent sigh,
Yet echoes linger, as the years go by.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Balm of Autumn's Wings

The wind sighs softly, a whisper of gold,
Through leaves that shimmer, stories untold.
A tapestry woven, of crimson and brown,
As nature prepares for her slumbering crown.

The air, a perfume of spice and decay,
A bittersweet blend, where summer holds sway.
Sunlight, a kiss, on the fading green,
A final embrace, before winter's serene.

The birdsong, a chorus, a mournful refrain,
As they gather their flocks, to escape winter's pain.
But beauty still lingers, in nature's embrace,
A gentle reminder, of time and its grace.

So let us be grateful, for autumn's last sigh,
A balm for the soul, beneath a clear sky.
For in its quietude, wisdom is found,
A promise of rebirth, on hallowed ground.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of Time's Embrace

The whispers of ages, on windswept plains,
Where ancient stones stand, etched with forgotten names.
A symphony of silence, in sun-dappled trees,
Where shadows dance and secrets rustle in the breeze.

Through crumbling walls, and ruins overgrown,
The echoes of laughter, and battles long gone.
A tapestry woven, of triumphs and despair,
In every crack and crevice, a story to share.

The touch of time's embrace, a bittersweet caress,
A reminder of moments, that time cannot suppress.
In faded photographs, and memories that fade,
The echoes of love, forever serenade.

The past, a ghost, forever by our side,
A constant companion, on life's endless tide.
We carry its echoes, in our hearts and minds,
A legacy of whispers, that time cannot bind.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Washing Elephants of Memory

The sun dips low, a canvas stained with fire,
And twilight creeps, a ghostly, silent choir.
I stand beside the river, cool and deep,
Where memories, like elephants, I keep.

They lumber through my mind, a heavy throng,
Each one a giant, bearing right and wrong.
Some painted bright with joy, some dark as night,
All etched in time, a fleeting, fading light.

With water clear, I try to wash them clean,
These elephants of memory, bittersweet and keen.
To scrub away the grime, the dust of years,
To find the truth that in each shadow peers.

The river flows, a constant, gentle guide,
And in its depths, the past begins to hide.
I wash and wash, until the echoes fade,
And only peace remains, a gentle serenade. 

But still they linger, these elephants of old,
Their forms imprinted, stories to unfold.
For though I wash, and try to let them go,
They shape me still, the seeds of who I know.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of Longing

The wind whispers secrets through the pines,
A song of yearning, carried on the breeze,
A haunting melody, a timeless rhyme,
Of love unfound, and hearts at ease.

In echoes of longing, memories reside,
Of whispered promises, and dreams untold,
Of paths once shared, and hands that once did glide,
Through fields of golden light, a story bold.

The moonbeams dance upon a tranquil lake,
Reflecting longing, etched in every star,
A silent plea, a soul that cannot break,
Aching for connection, near or far.

The echoes fade, but linger in the soul,
A testament to love, a story yet untold.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Clash of Heart and Trade

The market hums, a symphony of greed,
Where profits soar and souls are left to bleed.
Each bargain struck, a silent, callous plea,
For wealth and power, at humanity's decree.

But deep within, a heart begins to ache,
For something more, a love it can't forsake.
A yearning for compassion, gentle hand in hand,
A world where kindness rules, a promised land.

The clash of hearts, against the trade's cold might,
A struggle fierce, day and night.
The soul cries out, for a higher, nobler goal,
To mend the broken, and make the world whole.

Can commerce yield to love's embrace so deep,
Or will the chains of greed, forever keep,
Our hearts in bondage, our spirits chained and bound,
By the relentless chase, where joy is seldom found?

A fragile truce, a fleeting moment's grace,
Where heart and trade, find common ground.
But the battle wages on, in every soul's domain,
The clash of heart and trade, a timeless, endless strain.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of the Tide

The ocean breathes, a slow and rhythmic sigh,
A whispered secret on the wind's soft cry.
The tide pulls in, a silver ribboned grace,
Leaving treasures scattered on the shore's embrace.

Shells whisper tales of journeys long and far,
Of sun-drenched reefs and battles fought in scar.
Seaweed dances, green and whispering low,
As the moon's pale light begins to gently glow.

The waves retreat, a murmuring lament,
Their echoes linger, time and space they've spent.
A fading whisper on the sandy breeze,
A symphony of secrets, carried by the seas.

The shore remembers, etched in salty sand,
The footprints left, a message from the land.
The ocean's heart, a constant, restless beat,
A timeless song, a rhythm incomplete.

And as the sun descends, painting the sky,
The echoes linger, in a whispered, mournful cry.
A gentle reminder, of the tide's embrace,
Of life and death, and time's relentless pace.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Buccaneers of Broken Hearts 

They sail the seas of sorrow,
On ships of shattered dreams.
With tattered flags of yesterday,
And eyes that gleam with teardrops.

Their hearts are carved with memories,
Of loves that once were true.
But now they roam the stormy nights,
Searching for something new.

They plunder souls in lonely ports,
And trade in whispered sighs.
Each kiss a stolen moment,
That fades beneath the skies.

They wear the scars of battles fought,
For love they could not keep.
And in their laughter echoes,
A sadness they can't weep.

So raise a glass to broken hearts,
These buccaneers of pain.
May they find solace in the stars,
And love that comes again.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Erosion of Grace

The wind whispers secrets through the crumbling stone,
Each gust a lament for what's been overthrown.
The once-proud facade, now weathered and worn,
A testament to time's relentless scorn.

The rain, a relentless sculptor, etches its art,
Carving the grooves of sorrow in each heart.
The gentle touch of water, once a caress,
Now an insidious force, bringing distress.

The foundations crumble, weakened and frail,
As grace ebbs away, leaving only a trail
Of shattered remnants, a poignant display,
Of beauty lost, and hope washed away.

Yet, within the ruins, a fragile bloom,
A defiant whisper, dispelling the gloom.
For even in decay, a spark still remains,
A testament to hope, that love sustains.

So let the wind howl, and the rain pour down,
For even in erosion, grace can be found.
A resilient spirit, rising from the dust,
A reminder that beauty, though fragile, can't be crushed.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Grace of Understanding

To see the world through eyes not your own,
To feel the weight of burdens unknown,
To hear the silent cries of the heart,
To mend the cracks, to play your part.

To walk beside, a hand to hold,
In stories whispered, secrets told,
To offer solace, comfort, and peace,
In moments shared, where sorrows cease.

To know the depths of another's soul,
To bridge the gaps, to make them whole,
To find compassion, love, and grace,
In understanding's gentle embrace.

For in the tapestry of life's design,
The grace of understanding, truly divine,
A gift to share, a bond to bind,
In the beauty of a common mind.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: The Delight of Nonsense

The world spins round, a dizzying chase,
With logic's leash, a measured pace.
But oh, to break free, to cast aside
The weighty chains of reason's tide.

To dance with words in whimsical play,
Where meaning takes a holiday.
To let the mind wander, unbound and free,
In realms of nonsense, wild and glee.

A teapot perched upon a moon,
A talking fish, in tune.
A cat with wings, a bird with scales,
Logic shrieks, but joy prevails.

For in the heart of nonsense deep,
A child's delight, secrets to keep.
A sense of wonder, pure and bright,
That makes the world a joyful sight.

So let us laugh, let us embrace
The playful dance, the merry chase.
For in the realm of nonsense we find,
A joy that's pure, a peace of mind.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Nerves of Perception

The world a tapestry of sight and sound,
Woven threads of senses, all around.
Through optic nerves, the colors dance and gleam,
A symphony of hues, a vibrant dream.

The air, a chorus of whispers soft and low,
Through auditory pathways, stories flow.
Vibrations resonate, a gentle sway,
A tactile dance, where senses hold their sway.

The taste buds bloom, a symphony of sweet,
A bittersweet concerto, a savory feat.
Aromas rise, a fragrant, swirling cloud,
The olfactory sense, a whispered shroud.

From nerve to brain, a message swift and clear,
A tapestry of perception, held so dear.
The world unfolds, in every sense we find,
A masterpiece of beauty, for the human mind.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
Processing article: Echoes of the Past

The wind whispers secrets through the leaves,
Of laughter long gone, and whispered beliefs.
The stones remember, etched with time's slow hand,
Of lovers who walked, and futures planned.

A crumbling wall, a forgotten gate,
Where stories unfolded, and lovers did wait.
In shadowed corners, whispers remain,
Of dreams that were born, and love's gentle pain.

The sun dips low, painting the sky with gold,
As shadows lengthen, and tales unfold.
The past holds fast, in every rustle and sigh,
A symphony of echoes, reaching for the sky.

And though the years have passed, and seasons have flown,
The echoes of the past, forever remain known.
In the quiet of night, when stars softly gleam,
They whisper their stories, in a timeless dream.
Type of article: <class 'str'>
{'test_loss': 0.7147212028503418, 'test_model_preparation_time': 0.0, 'test_acc': 0.52, 'test_auc_test': 0.6726, 'test_precision_human': 1.0, 'test_recall_human': 0.04, 'test_fscore_human': 0.07692307692307693, 'test_support_human': 100.0, 'test_precision_machine': 0.5102040816326531, 'test_recall_machine': 1.0, 'test_fscore_machine': 0.6756756756756757, 'test_support_machine': 100.0, 'test_runtime': 21.8746, 'test_samples_per_second': 9.143, 'test_steps_per_second': 0.32}
